Alright, alright, man. Tell you right now, I'm still kind of mad, because I just got a divorce. My wife took half my money. I hated to break that 20. Sheesh. Sheesh. You know how this fell as you know? You try to protect your stuff, right? So when I got married, I said, she ain't taking my stuff. So I put all my stuff in my brother's name. Then he divorced. Now his wife's got half my shit. Now I'm gonna get married again. I want a wife. I want some kids, man. I don't have any kids. I'm getting old, you know? Mess around too long. I have adults and shit. I gotta give me some kids, man, you know. But I know don't, if you're gonna adopt, you better be cool, because those shows are tricky. You see them television shows come on late at night, and the lady's always crying. Please get little B's you here. He's just so lonely. He needs somebody to love him. And he's just so hungry, and you start breaking down like, oh, sheesh. He is kind of cute. I sure get him, and then they clinch it. And he can be used for just 39 cents a day. I'm like 39 cents. That's a deal. You get down there. I want one of those 39 cents kids. You got changed for a dollar. Can't feed no kid for 39 cents a day. I took the boy home. He ate up the whole house, man. Two weeks later, I'm on TV, please. Take him off my hands. Then you know what I said? I said, you know what? There's a lot of single women out there with children. They need a good man and a good father for their children. But ladies, you two touchy with them kids. Am I right, fellas? You know how they are? Hey, dope, dope. This is my son right here. And I want you to love him like he was your own. But you can't touch him. Can you feel us? I'll get how bad he are. You got to wait till the leader rule. Yeah, baby, yeah. Give me a glass of water, too. Yeah, thank you. It's such a waste, don't you? They come running out. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Don't you hit my boy. He's mine. You tell me what he did. And I'll hand him. You keep your hands off of him. They wait till he's eight or nine years old. He's too big now. Now he's not. He want to help. Well, when you go in, he won't listen to me. He's just too grown. And he's a man. He's going to be firm. You better not touch him. Now they ain't going for it. I didn't know that pool of my belt off. Stand back. I handled it. Took my belt off, went into the room. I had to fight for my life, man. That kid was hitting me back. I said, your mother told you to sit down over here. But I know you didn't raise you. Go, fool. Don't do it. Hit me. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. You know, here comes Mom. Why are you hitting him? Because my gun was jammed, God. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE There. Oh, man. I like to stay here longer, but to tell you the truth, my underwear kicking my ass, I got to get out of here. They about to cut me in half. You know what happened? Let your... Let my lady go shopping for me. You know how this is, baby? I'll be back. I'm going to the mall. What you're going to get? Some underwear. Oh, I know a place. I always know some place to go, don't they? Always, she takes to this place. Some huge place. Draws are us or something. I don't know what the name of this joint is. She's running through the actual thing. Look at all the draws, baby. I told you. I told you find some draws. Look. Look, look at some of those. I said, what's that? Pequini breeze. They're so hot. I said, look at them. No, no, no. They look good. See, look at the mannequin. I look at the mannequin. The mannequin's like this. LAUGHTER But I want to be sexy, right? I'll buy a pair of these draw. Put them on that. And you know what? You got to stand like this, man. I thought it was me, right? I get to a party full five-brother stand round four. Hey, where was that draws? Where else? I hear you, man. Hey, you guys been great. You guys take these. APPLAUSE
Last time I was here I let the audience know I only wear these glasses so white people can trust me. It works like a charm. I'm serious like right now if you all were a jury this would be it not guilty verdict easy. This nigga's going to jail. This nigga better remember a number too. He's doing some time. I get to second chance for sure. Last time I was here what I didn't mention is that I don't only wear these for white people I wear these for my people too. These glasses I look like a youth bastard. That comes in handy in the hood. I live in LA I could be in a wrong neighborhood right. I'm a big shug now you looking nigga from the back they might run up on me to ask me where I'm from. You know what I mean? They're like hey nigga where you from? I just turned around like St. Lupin Church of Christ. You got time for the Lord? It works every time. It works every time. I got to invest more into these these are from my topic. I can't see shit with these. I need something stronger than this. These ain't gonna cut it man. I need like some lens crafters shit. You know what I mean? Something that's just gonna satisfy. Any white people in there got glasses I could borrow. Okay my brother right there he's not afraid. He's like I'll get sickle cell fuck it. You mind passing my Jeffrey? Oh man these are the real deal I feel the whiteness in these. Look at this cheap bullshit you can you mind holding these Kelly? I like your hair the Cullio hair is cancel culture. These are real deal man this I feel the whiteness in this shit. Man oh. I don't think you're supposed to give me these man. I have white man vision now. I see the world do a white man's eyes. What's all this shit floating around in the air? Man it looks like opportunity it's everywhere. It's an abundance. I gotta take these off this getting dangerous. I got the sudden urge getting the submarine to see the Titanic. That's bad thing. So that's sickle cell man it's on the house. Thank you Kelly. What's her real name by the way I don't want to be racist. Is what? I was close courted. Of course it's courted me right? Oh man. Just a warning though these glasses don't work on every race. Like Indian people. Indian parents over 50 are extremely racist. Every time my Indian friends have brought me home their parents look at me with disappointment and disgust. You know what I mean? They're like this is not why we came to America. You need to hang out with whites. No it's the look. They give me didn't they have a secret meeting in the other room? And they speak Hindi aggressively and it's like racial. I can't understand it but I just can feel the tension. They're in the other room like oh do do do do do do do do do do. Now no I know that's a racially offensive impression of Indian people speaking Indian. But in my defense that's a racist impression of someone saying something racist. So it balances itself out. Then saying do do do do do do translates to get that thing out of my house. I'm gonna call somebody ban short call eyes like it's I've earned that right. I think our culture man one can't so crazy. I don't believe you can cancel large groups of people. Individuals are fine. I think there's not a risk to canceling groups of people. I don't like spiders they creep me out. But I can't get rid of every spider right. I can't kill off every spider because it a mess up the ecosystem. I think the same could be said about Karen's. I think it's 2020 we killed off way too many Karen's. And now the homeless are out of control. The homeless have run a month. And it's because we killed off their natural predator you know what I mean? We got rid of the only people in our society evil enough to call the police on the homeless. I'm not gonna do it. I need a Karen to be evil so I can continue to look like a good liberal. You know what I mean? I have some balance of things. I can see it now. Karen to be outside harassing the homeless with the police. I come out there like hey racist bitch. You forget one over there. He's hiding. I know those jokes are problematic. So thank you guys for laughing. I'm personally proud of those last few jokes because AI can't write that shit. You ready me? That shit is AI proof. Could you imagine typing that in like tell me an Indian joke. I'm like no shut it down immediately. All that stuff has me concerned. AI, global warming, not a government is just exposing aliens and shit. Like before I go to therapy I just want to know is the world ending or not. Because I don't want to waste my time in therapy becoming a better person. When I could be learning more useful skills like par core. You know what I mean? Like I'm afraid when the world ends I won't know how to hunt or pull the trick on the rifle. But I know all my emotional triggers. I'll know what triggers me. Like what if I'm attacked by grizzly bear right? He gets up on his hind legs like. It my only defense is honestly bro I think you're protecting. I think there's some cub blood trauma you need to dress. I don't have any useful skills for the end of the world. Before comedy I worked at Taco Bell. I still know how to make a crunch wrap supreme. 12 inch tortilla heated up for five seconds on each side. One scoop of beef, pump a cheese. Take a toast to side the shelf. Put it on top of the swirls. There's even more to the beef and cheese in the center when you bite to it. Circle pump saw a cream for a finger, let a three finger, tomato. Wrap it up like a semi octagon, grill it for 17 seconds and serve. That is a huge fucking skill I present. Please don't condescend please. The only way to ask skill is be useful is I don't know. We're attacked by like an alien life force. And NASA finds out that the aliens really love Taco Bell. And they're like we need an expert to go in the outer space. And wrap a nuclear bomb in a crunch wrap supreme. They come find me, I'm living in the log cabin off the grid. I'm like I don't do that anymore I can't. That's the only thing I do it for a country. I go back to the NASA training ground, they got scientists floating around the zeogravity. But they don't know the first thing about making real authentic Taco Bell. So I'm like look if we do this mission I do it under two conditions. We do it my way with my crew. Now we got to ride around getting the old gang back together for one last mission. Save mankind. People on my list are qualified experts in their field but NASA is a little suspicious of them. The first one is Maria, she's pregnant with a third child. They're like what do we need with a pregnant teenage girl? I was like we need someone to work the registers alright Maria's the best in her field. The next guy is Philip, he's a 54 year old white man addicted to mess. They're like what do we need with a 50 year old white man authentic? I was like we need a store manager. Now please this mission is time sensitive.
I still remember when I first decided I wanted to do comedy. I just graduated college and I remember telling my mom who's from Compton, very hardened by the world. I remember telling her I wanted to do comedy. She goes, why? And I go, because I've never felt better than when I could bring different people together. And I remember her just going, oh baby, that's the softest shit I've ever heard. I was like, oh cool. Great. I want to go home. Thank you. Seriously, thank you. How sweet was that? Jesus Christ. I didn't know how weird it was to tell people I was from Florida until I moved. We got a reputation, y'all, it's bad. You know what I'm saying? Because we're a weird place, like, let's be honest. Florida is like the Kanye of the 50 states. Like, let's be honest, you know? It's like when I was young, I loved it, but the older I get, the more I'm like, I mean, I don't know if I can defend everything it's doing. You feel where I'm coming from? Florida and Kanye just have so many similarities when it comes to like, how hard they are to root for. Does that make sense? It's like, yeah, they're both creative. They both love women with big booties, but they both try to make the Confederate flag cool. It's like, ah, mistakes were made. It's tough thing to defend. That's all I'm getting at. I still get defensive for Florida. When I'm on the road, I actually do. I get defensive all the time. I just don't like when people try to make it sound like all the crazy shit in the country only happens here. I'm like, get the fuck out of here with that. Let's stuff acting like you haven't been in your hometown and you're walking down the street and you saw some dude that made you go, oh, Jesus Christ, boy, that fucking guy. Oh, my God. Was his dick sticking out his back pocket? Jesus, you saw that, right? It's just crazy to me. And then people try to cite Florida man stories as if that's the end all be all. Get the fuck out of here. They're like, what about Florida man? I hate that they say it as if all the other people in Florida aren't reading it, thinking the exact same shit as that. I'm like, what about Florida man? I'm like, what about that nigga? He's crazy. What about Florida man? He's out of his mind. I agree with you. It's so weird that they bring that up. You know what I mean? Because I just, what's the easiest way to explain this? It's just with Florida man stories, they don't make sense to me because they make it sound like, like, what do they think we're thinking as we read it? Like we're not relating. Like none of us are reading the Florida man story. All these crimes are going nice. He finally did it. Oh shit. Oh, yeah. Dude, follow your dreams, baby. Jerry always said he wanted to throw an alligator through a drive-through window. And they told him he couldn't do it, but he persevered. So ridiculous man. And then you'll hear people say, like, these dumb arguments, they'll be like, well, if our states are so crazy, why don't we hear as much about us? I asked a prosecutor. I'll tell you what. Did you know that everything that goes to court in this country is public record? Anything that goes to court, you can look it up if you know how. But, and this is what I didn't know, every state uses a different site. And it just so happens according to this prosecutor, Florida has one of the easiest sites to search public records for, even if you have no experience looking up public records. So you could do like a keyword search. You could go, meth, eat, face. A case in Florida is going to show up. But you could do that exact same search in another state. The case exists and it doesn't show up unless you know how to pry deeper to make it come out. Do you understand what I'm saying? The other states aren't less crazy. They're just better at keeping secrets. That's all it is. They're Bruce Jenner. We're Caitlin. That's it. That's literally all we're talking about here. And I just don't like when they try to make it sound like it's only here. Have you read your news? I have. I've checked your sites and you've got some shit going down. Have you seen this guy in Colorado who tricked out his bulldozer into a tank and he drove it through the houses and the businesses of everyone he thought wouldn't support his muffler store? You want to talk about Colorado, man? You see this guy in Massachusetts literally living in the walls of somebody else's house would only come out at night to pretend to be the ghost of the dead mother of the two little girls that live there. We don't want to shout out. I'm like, Massachusetts guy. That's all I'm saying. I'm not saying if you're from another state, you're a bad person, but stop acting like it only happens in Florida. People are fucking dogs where you live too. That's a weird point to rally a crowd around here. Oh my God, dude. It does feel good to be back, man. There's people everywhere though. Be real. They don't hide behind the state lines. They're like, no, we're everywhere. You see the story about this cop in St. Louis? Cop in St. Louis sued his own precinct because his boss told him on the clock, by the way, tone down your gayness. That is a direct quote. Tone down your gayness. His boss said to him with an HR department, are you out of your fucking mind? But that was a direct quote. That's what he told him. Cop sues the department. He wins the case as he should, by the way. You know unless he was awarded? $19 million. You hear what I just heard? I can tell you what I just heard. I have not been acting gay enough at my work. $19 million, you said I will do some almost gay things. For $19 million, if I was like, cop, you wouldn't even have to ask. I'll put rhinestones on my handcuffs. I don't give a shit. I'll do whatever I got to do. I'll start mason everybody with bathroom body works. What's the thing? What do I got to do? Everybody I bring to the precinct smells like apricot. I don't care. I'll get you Miranda right to wrong. I'll be like, you got the right to remain steamy. It's $19 million. You're not going to do whatever it tastes. I'll chase the siren of my cop car to a Ariana Grande song. I don't give a damn. You saw me chasing you down the street. You just hear bang, bang, hands on the roof. Like I'm going to go, fuck. What are we talking about? It's $19 million. I'll spit on my night stick before I use it. I'll be like, what seems to be the problem here? I'm just saying that's a lot of money. I'm not gay or cop. I want to be both of those things. Crazy people everywhere. That's the only point I'm trying to make here. I don't like how people try to make Florida sound. Like I live in LA now. I've been there for five years. The number one question I get asked when I tell people I'm from Florida. They go, oh, you're from one of the messed up schools with a teacher's of fucking the students? I'm like, wow. What? Fucking the students. I mean, yeah. Twice. And they're like, that's funny to you. And I go, it depends on the situation. And they're like, when's a teacher sleeping with a student ever funny? And I'm like seventh grade. Seven grade, it's real funny, man. I'll tell you real story. You can look it up on our site. When I was in seventh grade, we had a female teacher who slept with a male student. That's true. Class she taught, hardest math class we offered in the program. Student she slept with? Smartest kid in the class. When the rest of us students found out what she did, none of us were like, how could she do this? We were all like, fuck, we should have studied harder. Oh, you're telling me that's who was at stake the whole time? Understand the point I'm trying to make here. I'm not saying teachers should be sleeping with students. I'm saying I've never been more motivated to learn. You feel fresh? She's giving out Felatio for ratios. You think I'm not going to learn this material? Probably studied for that class. I was in eight mile. I'm like, you only get one shot. You not miss your chance to. You think I know Pythagorean theorem? Because I care with the hypotenuse of a right triangle. You better grow up. I was trying to lay teenage hype. Can I say some wild shit? Hear me out for a second. I'm just saying, if we were more open-minded, we might have more kids that were caring about their education. You know what I mean? But when I will not do what it takes. If you fail a class, of course, you get summer school. But if you ace a class, come on. Homer school, what do you think? Felas, you're not intrigued. I know this doesn't work for you. But Felas, you're not intrigued a little bit. If a blowjob is waiting for you at the end of it, you would have paid a little more attention in geometry. That's all I'm getting at here. You can turn the whole game. You're like, what's your cool? I love the dynamic there. Nerds are cool now. Imagine you walking down the hallways. You got point-dexter glasses on, pocket protector. Buccane calculator watch. All the jocks are staring at you. Damn, she'll be getting all the blowjob's man. He's crazy, though. I keep trying to learn algebra, but my dad keeps making me practice quarterback. The fucking dork. Right? This is just so cool to take in. It's a safe, fine. I just want to live in it a little bit. I've written article a while back. Always stuck with me. This company did a study where they said only 30% of people in this country actually get to do their dream job. Did you know that? Only 30% of people in this entire country get to do their dream job. When I think about that and I see that y'all came out, I'm just grateful y'all came to support my backup plan, y'all. This was not my dream job. Don't get around. My career's going great. I'm happy. But this ain't what I dream. Get the fuck out of here. I never dreamed of telling people how gay I'd get for $19 million. Yeah, yeah. I wasn't a kid just staring at the stars one day. They're going to know the price. But I was going to the NBA. The NBA. The NBA they had another thoughts. I still remember when I fell in love with basketball. I remember the day. I was like, I'm going to do this. Five years old. Five, never heard a basketball. No one had ever introduced me to it. I get taken to a game. We get to sit close. I mean, close. Like, close enough to like, you get to see the game that you don't get to see on TV. You know what I'm saying? I still remember this is Clear's Day, right? I saw Player A, foul player B, heart. And then I saw a ref call a foul on Player A. And then I saw Player A turn to the ref and go, I suck my dick and I was like, what game is this? What is this? A five years old, my mind's blown. I'm like, you can do that. I remember I look at the guy sitting next to me. I go like, he just said the thing. Is he not going to get in trouble for that? And the guy next to me goes, nah, he's going to be fine. I'm like, what game is this? I want to do this when I grow up. What is this? The NBA might be the wildest workplace in America. We don't even talk about it. Think about what you've seen them get to do. Cross-reference it with your job. Tell me their equals. Get the fuck out of here. I just saw a guy tell a coworker suck my dick and everybody who saw it went, you know, hey, yes. What? What a free workplace. And I'm just saying, there's something to it. The NBA is just a place where you could just sort of get away with almost anything. And I'm not saying it's always got to be bad. You could just sort of do anything. It's got a place there. When I was growing up, there was a player named Jason Terry, his nickname was the jet. And anytime Jason Terry hit a three-point, and you know how he'd celebrate? He'd spread his arms. Like, they were the wings on a plane. And he would just run back down court as if he had flown away. He did that for 19 years. I need you to prompt 19 years of a guy running through the office. Aaaaah! Nobody stopped him. Now once, nobody was like, Jason, what the fuck are you flying? They could get back on defense. We're still playing. Not once for two decades. God, I want to do that so bad. I just love the idea that he got to do that for fucking 19 years. Oh, oh. It's all I've ever wanted to do. You can't do that shit in comedy. I couldn't drop a punchline and be like, later, you know what I'm gonna be like, what the fuck are you doing? It's all I ever dream of doing. I just want to tell somebody to suck my dick and fly away. That's all I've ever wanted. I want it for everybody. I tried. I tried. Dude, I tried to get to the league, man. I tried so hard. I really thought I was going to the NBA. Closer as I got was a white girlfriend. I wasn't really. I remember the scouts were like, that's a good start. Now, next, we want you to stop this guy from scoring. I'm like, I'll try, but I'm better at the first thing. Get up, y'all. Let's gaze this for a second before I add. By round of applause, how many people here have ever dated somebody of another race before? Who's done it? Yeah. Okay. That's supposed to be. All right. But you're not a villain if you haven't. This isn't going to be one of those things. I'm just trying to gaze this before I ask, all right? For those of you that have dated somebody of another race, you've never gone out with that person and then you ran into somebody who just assumed that's all you're into. But you get what I'm saying with it like, oh, you got a thing? You're like, oh, I didn't know I had a thing. I run into it all the time. It's one of the biggest things in my day in life. People are always just like, JB. Yeah, JB only likes white girls. I'm like, that's not even true. I do like white girls, but I like women of every race and then they'll get defensive. They're like, well, then why have your last six girlfriends been white? And I'm like, because that's who said yes. So I can do. It's like, what Marty will want for me? What am I supposed to date six black women that said no, we've got our Kelly. What am I supposed to do? You feel me? Sorry, I'm not the king of R&B. I just don't understand why you getting mad at me, man. All I can do is shine the bat signal. I don't control who shows up. This is how I played out. But I'm from this out. I still don't understand for the love of me. I don't understand how in this day and age, people still have an issue with interracial dating. Like, sure, plenty of people don't. But you know who I'm talking about. Plenty of people still do. And it blows my mind that that's still a thing. What's wrong? I can't even imagine. What's wrong with two cultures coming together? You know what I mean? It's like, teach me about health insurance. I'll teach you how to duggy. Like, who's losing? Who's losing? Like, I don't even understand the logic of it. What's wrong with mixed kids? Mix kids are just white kids that don't sunburn. It's going to be all right. It's just black kids that go to supercuts. You're going to outgrow it. My guy ain't going to. You're going to overcome. I just don't understand why we can't have a more honest and open conversation about interracial dating and why it's not a threat to anybody. It's so bizarre to me, you know? Like, I still think about, listen, man, if I had a baby with a woman of any race, I would love that baby to death. To death. But if I'm being honest with you, if I had a baby with a woman of another race, I would still be really fucking excited in the way I could be excited about that. There's nothing wrong with that. I'm living it up. I'm taking advantage. Bro, I'm naming that motherfucker blade. I'm calling him day walker. I'm doing all the things. Bro, I'm picking him up off the operating table. All of their strengths. None of their weaknesses. Like, I'm living it up. It's all love. But I'm basking in what it is. You know what else could I do it? It's just so weird when people try to confront you for dating someone who doesn't look like you. It's like, how is this even an issue? It's even more weird when it's your own people. It's like, how are you who I'm arguing with? I'll give you a story. A long time ago, this is years ago when I lived in Tampa. I remember I went to a mall with my girlfriend at the time, right? My girlfriend was white. And she was my girlfriend is still white, to be clear. It sounded weird in my head. I'm pretty sure she's still doing the white thing. So we're at the mall, right? I remember she saw something in a display case that she wanted to check out. She goes to check it out. I don't go with her, right? I kind of just hang back. I just do a general scan of the room. I'm just checking out where I'm at. You ever just look at, what's the best way to check out? You ever just look around in the room, you're hanging out? You're just checking out? You ever accidentally make eye contact with a stranger? Like, you ever hold each other hostage? You know what I mean? You're just like, why? Well, we look away. What are our motives? You know, you're just caught in that moment? I lock eyes with this black dude. And the only way I can think to describe him is too excited to see me. That's the only way I can think. He's because of what he did. This is what he did, right? We lock eyes. And as soon as we lock eyes, he goes, what the fuck is that? The fuck is that gesture? Who do you do that? Not a stranger? You don't do that to a stranger? Who was that for? Like, you know, you do that when you catch Michelle Obama at the strip club. You're like, no, no, no. You feel me? But not me, you ran them black man across the way. But that's what he did. And I just go like, OK, all right, you won that contest. I'm not going to really be staring at you any longer. And I wait a couple of seconds. I peek out the side of my eye. And I'm like, oh, shit, he's coming. All right. This dude is coming to me. Walks up to me. This dude said one of the most confusing things I've ever heard in my life. To this day, I'm so curious to see what you think of it. This guy walks up to me. I swear to God, so kind of, he goes, hey, brother, I ain't trying to start nothing. But you know when we see you out here having social intercourse with all these other races, you look racist. And I went social intercourse. Have y'all ever heard that term? I had never heard social intercourse? That's an aggressive way to say hangin' with friends, isn't it? I didn't know hanging with buddies could sound so sexual. I didn't know I was such a heart-throb in the social community, yeah. Apparently, I lost my sexual virginity when I was 17, but I busted my first social note when I was like four. I had no idea there was such a difference. So I go social intercourse. That's a weird word, man. He goes, call it what you want, what you're doing is racist. And I go, racist? And he goes, yeah. And I go, let me get this straight. It's racist for me to be out in public with somebody of another race. And he goes, mm-hmm. And I went, you got to give me a sec, man. I never heard somebody be this wrong before. It was like 2012. I'm like, who hasn't seen, remember the Titans by now, my guy? How are we struggling with this? But he doubles down. This is why I never forgot it. He goes, no, what you need to understand is when we see you walk it in public with somebody of another race, it looks like you're embarrassed to be black. And I was like, what kind of mind fuck is this, my guy? Did that make sense to any of y'all? Okay, because the damn shit didn't make sense to me. I'm gonna talk about it. I just wanna make sure we're on the same page before I get far. Let me say a couple things. Nobody of another race has the power to make you feel embarrassed of your own race. Let me make that very clear. You feel about you the way that you feel about you. You know what's wild though? You know who does have the power to make you feel embarrassed of your own race? People in your own race. Isn't it wild how accurate that is? We've all got representatives that made us go, no the fuck you don't speak for me, the fuck out here with that. What? We've all got those. You ever heard Kanye? Are you always relating or you're like, what the fuck he just said? Remember when he said slavery was a choice? Do you remember how many black people came to his rescue? Me neither. That's my point, dude. We cut that thing off like he, like subway to Jared, but you do remember how we handled it. We were like, he did what? Did we just prove? Oh no, no, no, no, no. The actions of this individual do not reflect. We cut him right out. Can I give you an example for white people? I can't speak for you. I'm just throwing it out there. I think this is a great one. Let's see how you do. Remember when George W. Bush was president? Remember that? Remember when we did that interview. He said this verbatim. He goes. Shame on. Shame on you. You fool me. Can't get fooled again. That's a direct quote. That's a direct quote. I had to Google that to make sure I got it right how wrong he said it. And all I'm saying is if you're a George W. supporter or not, can we just agree that you didn't feel well represented? That's the point I'm getting at. I think we all heard them. You can say that a little better, I think. I want to run that one back. So what have we learned? Somebody of another race doesn't have the power to make you feel embarrassed of your own race. Somebody of your own race does have the power to make you feel embarrassed of your own race. Did you know there's a third thing? Did you know somebody of another race does have the power to make you feel more proud to be your own race? You ever seen somebody do something and go, oh, glad I'm me. We've all done it. It doesn't make you bad but it's something we've all done, right? And that's what I told this guy. I said how can I be embarrassed to be in black when this white woman actually made me feel more proud to be black than I've ever got to feel? Oh, that fucked him up. Oh, you could have saw his face. What? And he goes, how? And I go, how what? He goes, how could a white woman ever make you feel more proud to be black than you've ever felt in your life? And I went, I tell you, she gave me a blowjob during the movie Django Unchained. Like I need you to really process how special that is. You get what I'm saying? Like, look, that ain't an oppressive. That's a freedom fighter if I've ever seen one. You ever seen somebody fight racism? Like it's a snake bite? She's like, calm down. I'll suck it out. I'm like, what the fuck? Bro, you all don't know pleasure. I don't care what kind of sex you've had. You don't know pleasure until you've got to watch a slave master get shot while getting your dicks sucked by somebody that looks like his daughter. Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me. I wish my ancestors saw that moment. I wish they were looking down from heaven. Well, look at that. Well, how about going to get a young man? Got what in ally? I still don't think she's getting enough credit. If I'm being told, I don't think everyone's really processing what she did. What a moment. Historically. For race relations, are you processing what just happened? We should be teaching students about her in textbooks. Do you understand what that moment was? It should say Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, and Brittany with an eye. It should be all over. These were freedom fighters. They all had very different tactics for fighting racism. One guy was like, turn the other cheek. Another guy was like, fight fire with fire. Brittany was like, blop, blop. Blop. Blop. Blop. Love Brittany. I just don't think she's getting enough credit. That's all I'm trying to say. She deserves a little more credit than she's getting. Just imagine. New enough white women in here. Put yourself in her shoes for a second. Imagine you see a black man who's upset over slavery. And you think, I'm gonna change that. And then you do. But you understand what I'm saying? I used to hate slavery movies. Oh, what a fucking bummer. And now any time one comes out, I'm like, oh, date night. Baby, put your nice dress on. 13 years of slave just came out. Yeah, 13. It's a sequel. Yeah, they franchise it. They're doing the whole thing. Get that throw ready. I heard it goes up to 400. It's a great history joke. As a person who is a proud black man that's unwavering. Not ashamed of where I came from. I'm not ashamed of who I am. But I grew up in mixed neighborhoods. I went to mixed schools. I played for mixed sports teams. As far as I'm concerned, I'm the product of what this country is actually supposed to be. I'm trying to love everybody. That's where I'm coming from. As a person who is actively trying to show love for everybody. I hate it when I see us getting arguments that are meant to divide us by race. Does that make sense? Where it feels like whatever powers that be are more focused on splitting us apart than showing us a way to come together. And I just find it frustrating. Especially when it seems like the answers are so right there in front of us. If we just took the time to listen to each other and realize we actually agree on way more than we disagree on. I'll give an example. I mean that. I think anytime I see somebody get offended at the concept of white privilege. I don't understand why they're upset. Because it's not an attack. And I think it keeps getting mistaken for an attack. I don't think people understand what it is. Right? By definition, privilege is just when the world allows you to do something specific, easier than someone else. Doesn't mean it was easy. It's just easier for you than someone else. That's it. By that definition, we literally all have privilege. You understand what I'm saying? We just have different privileges. So that's why I don't see why it's something worth arguing if someone brings yours up. Because we all get our turns for it to be our thing. So you can't be like it doesn't exist. Of course it exists. You don't think there's black privilege? Fuck, I love black privilege. Did you know I could go to any white wedding I want? I can go to any white wedding I want. Hop right on the dance floor. Start doing every dance moves I want to do. Everybody at the party's got to be like, he's good. That's black privilege, man. Doesn't matter what I do, they think I'm good. Let's take black people out of it, right? Take them out of the equation. Let's give another example. Let's say hypothetically we're watching the national spell-in-beat. It's only two kids left. There's a white kid and there's an Indian kid. Be honest with yourself. Your life's on the line. Who you putting your money on? That's Indian privilege. You feel me? Let's say hypothetically after this we go out to drink. We're having a great time. We're partying, we're being married, we're getting to know each other. Two random women just start making out out of nowhere. Oh, they are fun. Then two random guys start making out out of nowhere. Oh, they are gay. That's female privilege. Do you understand the point I'm trying to make? I'm saying privilege exists in every direction. And the only thing I'm trying to add to this conversation is if you just stop getting defensive when yours gets brought up and you start being willing to have a sense of humor about yourself, you would start to notice how funny all of this can be. And isn't the world better with people who are willing to have a sense of humor about themselves? So just be those people. That's all I'm trying to say. You cool? Thank you. Can I give you an example of white privilege that makes me laugh? I love you. It's not an attack. Let's see how you do. I think white people are the only race of people that like to be scared for fun. Like you feel me? Not an attack. Doesn't make you bad. Makes you interesting. But not bad, but bungee jumping, skydiving, swimming with sharks. These are torture tactics. Some of you pay for them. I just think white people get to have a different relationship with fear. Doesn't make anyone bad. I think it's an interesting observation. White people can have a different relationship with fear. I think white people are the only people you can walk up to and just be like, hey, you want to do something scary today? And y'all won't just outright say no. You feel me? You'll be like, what do you got in mind? You feel me? You go to anybody of another race. They're like, fuck no. But white people have follow-up questions sometimes. They're like, well, what are you thinking? Okay. Look at roller coasters, right? Theme park owners know white people love being scared so much. You'll pay for a picture of your own face terrified. That's their business model. That's how reliable it is. They were like, yeah, that's where we're going to get the rest of the money. I've been in so many white homes and seen a framed picture. The entire family terrified. Why? Why is that even a thing? I haven't been in one black family's home. And seen a picture of four black people absolutely terrified. And they're like, yeah, that's the time I got stuck up at gunpoint right there. That's us. This is where I tried to sell my kids for my own life. So wild to me, man. And I'm just saying what I'm saying, because I understand I'm generally speaking, right? I'm speaking in generalities. I understand there are special case scenarios for everything. So please, like, I'm not being irresponsible with this. Just be on the same page with me. I'm just saying generally speaking, though, that kind of holds true. I'm saying generally speaking. I feel like white people feel fear so rarely. That y'all scheduled it as a vacation activity. Like, you feel it? I was like, literally put it on a schedule. You're like at 12. We're going to have lunch at one. We're going to pet a tiger. You're like, what the fuck are you talking about? A tiger. Huh? You know what? No one black has ever said to me, I want to go on a safari. Now, once, I got so many black friends, no one's ever wanted to go. It's our country, and we're like, nah. But I have so many white friends that want to go. It doesn't make them bad. I'm just saying it's an interesting difference that you can spot and go, oh shit, okay. Why doesn't the safari sound insane to everybody? I didn't realize it was something we were so polarized on. I thought we were all of the same mind. Like, that's fucking crazy. And apparently, we don't agree. I never understood why this is crazy. You want to go to the zoo without the walls? That's what we want to do. You want to take away my favorite part of the zoo? The part where they can't get me? That's where we're taking away? Oh, all right. Every time I go to the zoo, people are looking at the animals. I'm looking at the structures. I'm like, that's a good wall. Like that net. Love that glass. I've never understood it. Why doesn't a safari sound dangerous to everybody? It's not even a safe web browser. You feel me? You ever open up safari in front of somebody with Firefox? What the fuck are you doing, man? They make it sound like you just fucked a hooker with no condom. They're like, we'll close it. Throw it away. Who knows what's in there now? It's so wild, man. I'll entertain it. Like, I'll talk to my white friends. Their defenses are so bad. And I'm not saying these are all white people's defenses. I'm saying you wouldn't want to be represented by my wife. That's what I'm saying. The stuff they argue, I go, hey, that's a bad one. They'll be like, just go on a safari. You're going to be fine. I'm like, based on what? They're like, you got a tour guy. I'm like, that nigga's not a wall. It's like, what are you think is going to happen? If a lion saw us and was like, oh, I'm about to eat these motherfuckers. You think he's just going to be coming at you? I'm going to be like, oh shit, they brought the guy. God dammit. Hey, wrap it up, guys. They brought the fucking guy. You don't think the lion just sees more than a lion? I'm going to be like, what's the problem? I'm going to be like, what's the problem? Hey, wrap it up, guys. They brought the fucking guy. You don't think the lion just sees more food? That's what I can't get. That's not how your brain works. You think of a lion saw a black tour guy and two white tourists. You don't think he's going, oh shit, dark meat and mashed potatoes. Oh, fuck. Looks like KFC came to me. What are we talking about? What do you think the tour guy's going to do? Entertain it for a second. What do you think that's just a guy on the clock? You think that guy actually cares about your livelihood? A lion's coming at you all he sees it? You think this dude is just going to step in the way? Oh, no, no, no, no, no, lion. No, no, no, no, lion. Not today, lion. You eat zebra lion. Zebra black and white. These people just white. No goods. No goods. That's why we bring you mixed kid. Blad. Blad. Where has Blad gone? It's so fucking stupid. It just makes me laugh. Like I'm just fucking around, but you get where I'm coming from, right? Like you get the point I'm getting at. That's all I'm saying. I just think fear is such a great example for us to explore the country. We're all just trying to explore the concept of privilege where everybody can see it and realize no one's the villain. But you can identify the differences. I just think it's a great example, you know? Like I, can I tell you something real wild? I got a wild theory. I think I'm on something. I just don't know how to prove it. But I think I figured something out. I think I know why each race has a different relationship with fear. Especially fear for fun. I think I can see what it is. It's kind of a wild theory, but I think I'm on to it. I think if you come from an oppressed group, you've never been so bored with life that you're willing to risk yours. Does that make sense? Like I don't know Jews that like escape rooms. You know you came to a comedy show, right? I'm not running for office. I'm not the guy. I'm just here to make the funny points. I think I'm on something. I don't know Jews that like escape rooms. I don't know black people that are in the bondage. Whips and chains, you said. Fool me once. I don't know any Mexicans that want to do a tough mother. That's a real good one. Like if you know what a tough mother is, that's all I'm pointing. If you don't know what a tough mother is, just around the same page. A tough mother, it's one of those races you do out in the middle of nowhere. It's a foot race where you're just going through an obstacle course. You're going through like water hazards, running over hills, running through like electrified fences. I don't know one Mexican who's like again, yeah, for sure. Yeah, let's do it. Get the fuck out of here. I did that to get it. And I fit in fuck out of here, my God. All I'm trying to get at here, I'm not trying to attack anybody. I just want us to understand this concept better so we can get past it. Right? Anytime I see somebody online or on TV or wherever, say that privilege doesn't exist. I need you to understand, you're not a bad person. But you are wrong. All right, I'm not trying to come at you. But you are actually wrong and you sound ridiculous to people who do understand. Just take the time to understand. All right, privilege exists. But I'm a six foot three black man. There's not one person in here that thinks my dick small. That's my privilege. I get big dick privilege. Doesn't matter if you're right or not. You didn't think it. That's my privilege, man. If I was an Asian comic saying all this same shit, you wouldn't have thought the same thing. Beyond, there's not one woman in here who's been at a bar, seeing an Asian dude and been like, oh, he might dick me down. And he might, he might do it. But you weren't thinking it. That's my privilege. I get big dick privilege. It's a hardship. I have to work over every day. Try to overcome. But when you say privilege doesn't exist, you know what I always think of? It's always this story. It's such a banana story. When I was a kid, I remember telling my dad what my dream job was. I told him I was five years old. I told him I wanted to be in the NBA. My dad is a black man from Alabama in the 1940s. He's not a big dreamer. It's a very practical man. His vibe is more like, survive. I'm like, okay. That's what he's like. And I remember, I told him I wanted to be an NBA player. You know what he told me? Just have a backup plan. I was like, God damn, can I dream for a little bit? I'm five. But that's what he felt like he needed to communicate to me based on his experiences in this country as a black man. Fair enough, I accept that perspective. I hear you. Meanwhile, my best friend, next door neighbor. I was there when this happened. I remember seeing him tell his dad what he wanted to be. He said that he wanted to be the first black president in U.S. history. You know what his dad told him? Anything you put your mind to, you can achieve. Isn't that beautiful? But that kid was white. Don't tell me white privilege doesn't exist. My God, I was there. I saw this shit with my own eyes. I saw this white father. Who is a good man? I still talked to him to this day. See his white son look at him and go, I want to be the first black leader of the free world. And with me still in the room. He looks at his son and goes, well, if you just work hard enough, I'm like, get the fuck out of here. Tell us, get no. Tell him that one's not for him. Couldn't do it. Privileges just such an interesting topic. And I don't want to harp on it too much longer, but I just want to drive this point home. Okay. I do feel like if we're being fair to both sides, there are privileges that white people do get attacked for. And I don't think it's fair. If we're being critical to both sides, when we're trying to come together, right? I do think there's one thing I've seen y'all do that I do find very funny. And I hope you find it as funny as I do. And I don't think it's fair that you do get slack for it. I do think white people are the only race of people that I've seen get offended on behalf of a group. They are not a part of. Like, you know who to picture. Right? That's all I'm saying. But here's the thing. You know what to attack you for. Because I believe at its core that's something of goodwill. That just mean you cared for another group of people. You were trying to speak on their behalf because you thought you were doing right by them, right? That's a good thing. That's nothing to attack you for. It may not be the way we want you to do it, but that's okay. Right? And here's the thing about it. It's a really complicated situation. Because if you look online, you see this happen all the time. White people will do something on behalf of black people. Black people go, don't do that. And then white people go, oh, my bad. What would you prefer me to do? And black people go, I don't know. And they were just left nowhere. But both of those sides are fair to be clear. Those are both fair dispositions. Sometimes it's hard to come up with a resolution. You just know when someone isn't doing the right one. That's fair. And it's fair to care and not know what to do. So it still leaves us in the same place of what do you do when you're trying to have someone else's back. I think I came up with something. Hear me out here. All right. Listen, I think this is a universal way to show support for a group you're not a part of. You can use this in any group. I don't know anyone who had turned us down. And I don't know what you do after this, but you can always start with this. I'm giving an example. As a black person, if I'm there, I don't like it when I see somebody white till somebody else white that they can't say the end word. Because that's my line. You feel me? That's what I get to say. Are you trying to upstage me, man? This is my big moment. You know what I need you to do? I need you to say motherfucker after my line. That's support. You get what I'm saying? Dude, I get to go, you don't get to call me a nigger, and then you come in like, motherfucker, and I'm like, okay, so now I feel strong. I feel supported. We're a team. You feel what I'm saying? I'm done with allies. Be my motherfucker. I need more lows. That's what I need. Because I don't think there's anything scarier to a racist person than a black man with a white army. He'd be like, oh, fuck, his cause must be good. I think that's actually scared. Stop being my ally. Be my motherfucker. I don't know when I started caring about all this kind of shit. If you saw my show like five years ago, I was talking about nothing like this, you know? I don't know what happens. I got a little right there. I started boating. You started boating. I'm going to throw some opinions out of here because I'm here in some wild shit. It's weird as you age the way your priorities change, the way your life changes. I'm not trying to be like, age and sucks. I'm cool with it. But it is weird the ways in which you age that you didn't anticipate. Does that make sense? Those are the ones that are weird for me. Like the regular one, like my knees are sore. I got to wake up early. I'll probably go to a matinee. Like those are the, I find. I was ready for that. But the weird ones where I'm like, nobody told me that was part of it. What the fuck is going on with me? Like I heard the other day, I heard a rap song. I couldn't relate to one part of. I was like, what the fuck was that? That's a weird moment itself, real estate. Look, I don't know if you've ever been black before. I've done it my whole life. If you hear an entire rap song and you end up going, shit, I don't think any of that was for me. What a weird moment in your black existence. I was like, where do I fit into this? I still remember what the guy said. I swear to God, I think you're relate. Yeah, I remember he went, I got an actress on my mattress. I'm going to hit it three times in one night. That's a hat trick. And my brain just went exhausting. That's all I felt. Three times in one night, I was like, not for me. That's crazy. Three times, brah, you don't got work in the morning. Nobody's pussy's better than sleep. I'll tell you right now. And that's not an attack. The older you get, the truer that rings and you fucking know it. That's not an attack. Ladies, I'm sure your pussy's great. Sleep is good. I like sleep more than sex and it ain't even close. I know that. You know, I like sleep more than sex? I go to sleep every day. I'll miss one. I only have sex sometimes. And even when I have sex, when I'm done, I'm like, God damn, I want to go to sleep. If that's all about me, you had been like, I got an actress on my mattress. I'm gonna hit it one time, then I'm napping. That's my entire... I'm like, yo, this... Hey! Trying to hit them nightquill bars, brah? I just think it's so weird to see the things that make you change as you get older. I think it's weird to look at other people your age and see the shit they care about versus the shit you care about. You ever seen that? You're on Facebook and you're like, what are they fucking random about? You ever have those moments where like, this is the hill you want to die on? This is the cause you stand for of all the things? Have you seen this group of people that's trying to get Disney's Snow White cancelled? Oh my God, I'm losing my mind over it. There are adults, our eight voters, people whose votes count the same as yours. They're out here trying to bring down a cartoon. They're so dedicated. Have you heard the argument? She never gave consent to the kiss that woke her up. That's what they're arguing. Now listen, I'm not trying to be on the wrong side of an issue. I'm not trying to sound like I got some hot takes. I'm just saying, you've all seen the movie, right? We've all seen Snow White. All I'm saying, it really feels like they're leaving out the whole, he did it to save her life part, huh? Is that not a crucial detail in the context of that circumstance? Like if you were the prince and that happened to you, wouldn't you want to confront her? Like, hey, you want to explain the rest of that though? So I'll sound like a creep. Appreciate that. You got me out here sounding like Bill Cosby right now. I'm just saying that dude was putting them to sleep. I'm just waking them up. This is a totally different thing. I don't think you should be allowed to make someone who attempted to save your life out to be a predator. That's the only line in the saying I'm drawing here. I think that deserves to be defended. If I tried to save you, I'm not a creep. When I was a kid, when I was seven, right, I grew up in Tampa. When I was seven, I was at the beach. I remember I was swimming in the ocean. I'm swimming poorly if I'm drowning. Let's be honest. I'm drowning. I'm for sure drowning. I passed out. I sunk onto the water. I had to be saved by a male lifeguard. I said, you know, I woke up on the beach. Two in male lifeguard giving me mouth to mouth for cessetation. And when I came to, I completely understood what that situation was. There was no confusion. I wasn't like, oh, Nick, I'll see you in court. Okay. You ever heard of me, too? We'll meet three now, bro. I just think it's such a weird circumstance to like, this is the hill you want to die on for this argument. Not against consent culture. I'm asking, is this where you really want to make you stand? Within this premise? That's what's odd about it to me, you know? Like, have y'all gone back and watch the movie? Like, as adults, is weird, man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. It's weird, man. It's real weird. Do you remember what the curses? True love's kiss will wake her up. That's real specific. Like, they really narrowed down the danger that could have come. You got to be pretty sure to go for it. It's not like they went, hey, man, first one of kisser gets the keeper. Then a bunch of dudes started marching to get to her first. My hoe, my hoe. Back up. You got it. You got it. I'm just saying it's just such a weird place to make your argument. I can understand. To be clear, I can understand where you're coming from. If you were just like, I just wish it wasn't a kiss that he had to do to save her. I can appreciate that. I'm just saying, but can you stop making it sound like he squeezed the titty when he did it? That's more, right? That's more, I'm coming. I'll make it very clear because this is a tricky topic to make jokes about. Obviously, at the end of the day, I understand my place within this premise, right? I'm a man lightly making jokes about sexual assault. I understand that. And I can never put myself in the position of a woman in relation to a topic like this. I understand that. All I can do is empathize the best I can from the perspective that I have. And that's as a black man in this country. And I'm just saying, as a black man in this country, I don't get what you're talking about. Let me say hypothetically, right? Hypothetically speaking, I'm an acoma. I'm dying. And you say the only way to save me is for a white dude to whisper the inword in my ear. What do you see what I'm saying? Here's the kicker. If we're being honest, I don't need him to ask for my permission. My life's on the line. They're bigger priorities at hand. Do what you got to do. But I don't care if you're whispered. Get on all fours for all I care. Nigger. Nigger. I mean, hey, I heard you the first time. Steve got down. Can you give me a sec to wake up? I take a second. No, I appreciate what you're trying to do. But we're going to talk about that second one. You don't get to call me two niggers and then y'all would say, look at my army for me. Oh, look at that. That's how you fucking do it. That's a weird example. Let me give you a better one. That's what I'd see what you were going to do. Let's say hypothetically, I'm an acoma. And I'm dying. And you say the only way to save me is true loves kids. Just like the movie. I assume y'all would want that handle the exact same way I would want that handle. I would want somebody to go round up everybody in town, form a line, take my weekend at Bernie's body, prop that shit up in a kissing booth, put some cool ass shades on that motherfucker, look back at the line and go, all right, everybody would I hurt because it goes first. You feel me? You feel me? Is that not what you want? Like, let's be real for a second. I want to make it very clear, I am not against consent culture. On the contrary, it couldn't be more for it. But that's not the place to make your stand. I do think after all of the allegations we've heard from women over the last couple of years, men should be making more of a point to showcase to women how much we do have your backs, how much you are going to see like a change in the behavior you've been encountering, even if we're not the individual's responsible for it. What I'm getting at is that we need a show that we have your backs. You feel me? But the question then becomes, how do we show you that? Here's what I'm pitching. Men, start making consent your biggest kink. Take a sec, process what I'm saying. Start making consent the kinkiest shit that you're into. Start being a fucking freak for yeses. You feel me? Like after the Me Too movement show on what you've learned, anytime a woman goes, how do you like it? I'm like with permission. Like I lean in. I lean in. Bro, I don't unzip it till you say please. You could be like, get over here and fuck me. I'd be like, hmm, is that how we ask? At this point having sex with me is like binge watching Netflix. Every so often I interrupt the flow just to be like, do you still want this? Yes or cancel? Are you awake? I'm joking, I fucking ran. It's a good question asked. This is all I'm trying to get at as a whole, right? Like I think it's very clear that I'm a liberal person, right? But if I could say anything in an effort to bring us together, whether you're conservative or whether you're liberal, any of that shit, man. Like all I'm trying to suggest to bring us together is that if you look out at whatever's going on in society, the society, the culture that you are in and you feel change coming, you're certain. It's coming no matter how you feel that is going to be a regularity. It's not going to hurt you to learn something so that you can be a part of it. You understand? You don't even got to believe in it. But you're going to have to coexist with these exact same people. It's not going to hurt you to understand their stuff better. Does that make sense? That's all I'm trying to get at because when you don't know what you're talking about, it's fucking jarring. And I just need you understand, stop being that person. We've all done it. Why are we continuously trying to do that again? I was in Kansas City a couple months ago. I flow in to do a show. I get off the plane. I order an Uber. I get this alert on my phone, this notification, it says, Frog will be here in five minutes to pick you up. I'm looking at the picture. It's a picture of a woman, right? It says Frog. It's a picture of a person I believe identifies as a woman. Let's be honest, right? But it's Frog. That's what it says. I'm not reading it wrong. It's not a tough word. Frog. I'm thinking about it. I'm having this debate in my head. I'm going to be like, I mean, she ain't hurting anybody. It's a non-binary name. No one's getting hurt. If you want to be called Frog, you're frog. I accept you. Frog, I can't wait to meet you. Put my phone away. I go out. I wait for the car to show up. She pulls up. I open the car door. I lean inside and go, hey, how you doing? She looks back and goes, rib it. I went, nope. Close the car door. I'm going to be like, oh, no. I'm going to be like, oh, no. Too much progress in that car. You're doing what I'm saying. I'm not saying she did something wrong. I'm saying I wasn't ready. I wasn't ready for the journey frog was going to take me on. But had I done more research, who knows where we could have ended up? I don't have more story because I was ill-prepared. That's all I'm getting at. It's not going to hurt you to learn. Some progressive things. They're the wildest shit you've ever seen. But they're kind of cool. I did a show in Denver once. One of my best friends lives around the corner from a club. We do a show. We come out. It's 11.30 at night. I'm watching him walk home to his house. You've got to go around the corner. As soon as he gets to the end of the street, this is going to sound made up. This is exactly what happened. As soon as he got to the end of the street, I saw 17agers all on scooters, like bird scooters. They ride from around a corner. They ride up to them. And then they just started circling around them. It's one of the most bizarre things I've ever seen in my life. In real time, in nature, this is happening. They just wrote up to him. I watched seven children kidnap my adult friend. And I had no idea how to advise him. He's like looking back at me. And I'm like, I think they got you, man. I think they just got you. I've seen animal planet. I know this isn't a good thing. I don't know where it leads, but I know you're not bad. You know what they started doing? One of the most bizarre things I've ever seen in my life. They just started bullying in him. Like verbally bullying a grown man. I'd never seen something like this in my life. They just started going, you're gay. You're gay. Can I just say side note to see anyone riding a scooter going, you're just, what are we, what? What am I looking at? Look, I'm not against you, but come on. This is, huh? You're gay. What? I'm seeing seven of them do it. And they just keep going, you're gay. You're gay. And what this dude said back, y'all, I'll never forget this rest of my life. This might be the most progressive thing I have ever heard in my life. They go, you're gay and he goes, that's your opinion. And I was like, what the fuck was that? Did anybody else know that was an option of things? You could say back to your gay, that's your opinion. What an insane way to win the argument. Because he won. Be clear. That was a victory, but like that? That'd be like if somebody called me a nigger and I just went, to each their own. What? That's what I saw. You know what I learned? Did you know that no one can insult you if they aren't convinced that you understand that was an insult? Did you know all you've ever had to do was say crazy shit back? And no one could ever hurt you? Dude, it happened to me every day. Something you called me a jungle monkey. I was like, to make it a tomato. It's like, how do you attack that guy? You feel me? Something's like, you a little pussy boy. I'm like, that's the way to cookie crumbles. You can't get him. You know? Something's like, you can't read. I'm like, you're not my real dad. I love it. I just don't think progress is such a bad thing when you start to understand it more. That's all I'm really getting at. That's all I'm saying. I'm not trying to sway it. Whatever you vote, you vote. That's what you do. I'm just saying I don't think it's actually that bad a thing when you just have an open heart to it. You go like, oh shit, is that what's going on? One of the things I hate is like when we get labeled as a whole. Like as a liberal. When people go like liberals. You know what I mean? Libdars, all that shit. And you're like, we're just going to be like, yeah, that's me. I hate it when we get lumped together. Is it for not all individuals who have their own minds, who have their own string of logic, who have their own priorities? That irks me. You think all liberals agree? We don't. We bicker all the time. We don't have the same priorities. That's crazy to me. I'll give you one of mine. Look, I came from Florida and then moved to California. I thought I was liberal. And then I got there. And I was like, ooh, I'm liberal for Florida. It's a different thing. It is a different thing. You know? Here's my big one. I don't understand how drinking from plastic straws equals eye-hate turtles. It's too big a leap for me, man. There's just, there's too much in-between there. I don't hate turtles. I'm just too black to care about this right now. I've got my own things going on. You know what I mean? That's all I'm getting at. No one saying green lives don't matter. But black lives called it first. And you can get in line. I've been here a while. And just to be clear, you ain't next in line, turtles. We still got women and gay people. The Amazon rainforest was on fire. You gonna be here a while, turtles. I just don't understand that notion. No one's saying we should care less about turtles. I'm saying we should care more about me. And I can't believe I got to make that case sometime. Like, okay, let's say hypothetically. If Martin Luther King Jr. was still alive to this day. And he saw how gung-ho we were for saving sea turtles from plastic. Wild racism still exists. Don't you feel like he'd be like, you motherfuckers have got to be good and married. Like, like on some level, that do be upset, right? That's all I'm saying. So we can sense it. I hate that I have to defend myself from these straw people. I don't know what else to call them. Like, I've been called out seven times for it. Seven. I'm counting. Seven times. I've been in a bar. I'm sipping on a sprite. Some woman walks up to me. She's always white. But she's always, it just is what it is. I'm not saying she's bad, but why is she always white? She comes up to me. She confronts me about it. Did you really need a drink from that? I go, I'm sorry? Did you really need a drink from a plastic straw? I don't even listen. I just take a knee. I'm like, I'm not going to be a part of this. I'm not going to. I'm just going to do it. She doesn't get to say that. Like, I understand. She cares about turtles, but that's not your fight to bring to me. If a turtle came up and was like, you can't drink from a plastic straw. And then she was like, I'm going to drink from a plastic straw. And she cares about turtles, but that's not your fight to bring to me. If a turtle came up and was like, you can't drink from a plastic straw. And then she was like, mother fucker? I'd be like, OK, I'm wrong. No, I'm wrong. Fuck. No. Shit. But that's not what happens. I just don't get it. It's not fair. You don't get to decide how I feel about turtles. You don't fucking know me. You don't know what I've done. I give you a crazy story. And as a kid, I had to stay with a family member who was requested to stay anonymous in this story, because I told him it was going into special, and he was like, I need my job. You'll stay anonymous, my guy. But he should be ashamed of himself. I stayed over his house for a summer. He has a pool in the backyard. It's one morning, we wake up, we look in the backyard. There's a pool. Excuse me, there's a pool. There's a turtle wandering around me. There's a turtle wandering around the pool. It's just a regular turtle to be clear. It's a turtle. It's not hurting anybody. It's not like a big turtle. It's not smiling. It's just a turtle. It's just wandering around. You'd have thought this dude had just stumbled upon an actual home invasion. He's like, what the fuck? What the fuck? Who the fuck does he think he is? I heard an adult man say that sentence about a turtle. Who the fuck does he think he is? About a turtle? He storms off to the phone. He calls up animal control. I shit you not. He goes, y'all need to get this fucking turtle out my yard or I'm a shoot it. He started the conversation with that. Not who he is, not where he's located. None of that information was important. They need to know if they don't get this fucking turtle out his yard, he's gonna shoot it. I hear the woman on the other side of the line. By the way, I'm seven. I'm watching this like adults are crazy. I hear the woman on the other line. You know what she does? I shit you not. I can hear it. It's so funny. She just goes, good luck to you, sir. Hangs up the phone. I was like, oh! She called his bluff. I watched the... I swear to God, I watched an adult man have a fucking meltdown. Actually, I knew what a meltdown was when I was seven. Because I saw him go, what the fuck? I saw his brain. I come to that conclusion and realtor... I got to shoot this turtle. And just to be clear, it ain't a special turtle. Just to fight. No ninja turtle, just a Danny DeVito looking turtle. The thing you're thinking of. All right. This dude storms off to his bedroom. He takes a couple seconds. Comes back, he's got a fucking handgun. He's got an actual handgun. It's big. Big gun. It's walking straight for the back door. And I stepped in his way. I was like, hey. You can't shoot a turtle. Sentens I never thought I'd have to say in my life. You can't shoot a turtle. This dude goes. You're right. You shoot the turtle. I'm joking. Could you imagine? It's time to be a man. I get this way. I say you can't shoot a turtle. And he goes. I'm going to shoot a turtle. You can't shoot a turtle. And he goes. Now he goes back to his room. Puts his gun away. You understand what I'm saying? The fuck of you done for turtles. I earned my fucking straw. If you don't like it, you can suck my dick. Thank you guys so much, man. Thank you guys.
I mentioned I was in Vegas for my Bob's night party and one of the nights when my friends and I were drinking, we decided to go around and share what the dirtiest thing actually was that we've ever done. And it got to our really boring, rude friend in the group, like the Charlotte O'Veigh group, you know. We don't know much. And she goes, well, I don't want to tell you guys because I think you'll judge me. I'm like, oh my god, it's going to be my favorite. What is it? Well, Jeremy and I have been using food in the bedroom lately. Like, okay, like, whipped cream? No cupcakes. And at this point I think, oh god, is she just eating cupcakes in bed with her boyfriend? The bread is crumbs on the sheets are still dirty. So finally I was just like, bitch, what is it? It can't be that bad. Well, instead of frosting, he comes on the cupcake and then he eats it. I was like, oh, I'm definitely judging you. And your brother, we smell like Elmer's glue. I love that most women in that situation are like, tell me when you're going to come. So that they don't have to swallow it. And my friend is like, tell me when you're going to come. You raised my rolls? What is wrong with you? And why did you do this? Also, what a terrible consumption strategy. Come is not meant to be slowly savored like that. It's meant to be taken like a shot of Cuervo. It's not delicious. No one here has ever swallowed a gun. Do you have more of that? All right, I'm Kelsey.
Thank you, goddamnit. I know the first thing you say, that's a black motherfucker that came out here. I know I know I'm black, motherfucker, I know I'm black. I started really shocked y'all this evening, you know. I started with all black. That's a blue contact lens. I know the fuck y'all are. You know you're a black motherfucker when you put a finger-present charcoal. Let me tell you something, now. I'm married. I've been married for 14 years, being with my wife for 17 years. And you know something, me, thank you very much. But you know something, me, when you first get married, your wife is happy that an assistant with a bag of dicks. Sing it and everything. When I first got married, my wife was giving me pussy by the power. Now I got the steel pussy. If you don't know how to steal pussy, I'm fixing the teacher. You got to wait till she go to sleep. You're watching television, you're watching her. You're watching television, you're watching her. You're watching television, you're watching her. You're watching television, you're watching her. You're watching television, you're a motherfucker watching her. And they ain't sleep. Stillin' pussy's like war. You got to sneak up on him. And when they make that move, they roll over him. Then you take these two fingers and you pull the cover off. Not a line on their back, men ain't sleep. You're gonna run into a problem that pants it. When you start to remove the pen, you can stuck right here. Because she's on her back. But she'll help you. She'll do something like... Now you gotta slide them down, you see. You start sliding them down. Now you're gonna run to another problem. When you get them at the ankle. When you slide them off, now you got... The leaves are closed. But she'll help you once again. Just... Now fellas, when you start the pilletry, and you get half of it in, they're gonna play and they don't feel that. But when you get it in, stir like coffee. Stir like month and a half. You don't like this fool being that cup? Click, click, go. Click, click, click, click, click, click, click. Stir that for her like coffee. Now when you get it in, and you start stirring like coffee, that's when she opens her eyes and asks you a fucked up question. What you doin'? You know what the fuck I'm doin'? You ever knowin' something, man? How singers, how they take original song and make a remake? And the remake sounds better than original song? I read the song my mouth fuckin' self. Call, take me out to the bowl game. The Black Verse. I said take, take me out to the bowl game. Take, take me out to the bowl game. Me out with the crowd. Now, body's a pinnacle. Bami's a pinnacle. The Bami. Bami. Bami. I'll put it in there.
8-0 presents One night stand With comedian Patrice O'Neill Ladies and gentlemen Patrice O'Neill Oh All right, thank you, thank you very much All right, thank you very much, thank you How many people getting sick of a Hindu obstacle course at the airport? It's just I mean I'm a racist but it's it's getting And I don't mind foreigners but don't be from your cut like from your country Like it's okay to be originally from there like your parents and grandparents but you can't be from India And I'm a bad for my evil that I D you go what the fuck I know I'm American I gotta be more American than you because I don't go evil devil Evil that is evil evil I D boarding pass Man I know my voice Proves I'm American like I need another I need an American voice to ask me for my shit But you can't get rid of the double-day dues because They're amazing like who else will work at a 24-hour Brooklyn gas station with no bulletproof vests and no gun And curse niggas out if they don't have less than a 50 I Need something smaller please You can't get rid of them because they do jobs nobody else is going to do that's why you can't listen What is this thing where we trying to get Mexicans out this country who else is going to work Without Mexicans and who else is gonna work who else would drive a bicycle On the highway who also ride a Who also ride a way man who also ride a bicycle on the highway Against traffic to deliver you a Panini sandwich for lunch On time Who else Who else gonna kick in your hotel door to make your bed besides a little Mexican woman who has an ethic she has to make your bed I have to I have I have to make hello and she knocks that she fucking punches the door And she scares the shit out she kicks the fucking door and the chain is on hello Hello, and you're like miss the chain is on I'm alive the chains on the door You don't have man, please look and I please I must make your bed. I must make your bed. I must make your bed Please A lot of fucking I feel feels it And she's trying to squeeze in through the space through the chain space like I love Love I must make you I wish I never traveled for real because I could I would like to just never had travel outside this country and then I could hate America And be happy you know I'm saying but I Travel and now it's like I'm now I like America, but I still hate it's weird. I hate it But it's it's nowhere better because all I got to really deal with is racist crackers like that and that's That's just funny because like I don't black people really don't look at white people with like you're the oppressors anymore. It's just something we do is just like we like not like white people and white people like not like and I Just like it's just that's just what we do is just Because I'm not going nowhere and I'll kill a motherfucker tell me to go like back to Africa But listen, I'm talking to black people stop that fucking warship that Go back to Africa shit first of all Africans Don't like black people that's first They don't like us and what the fuck am I gonna do in Africa? Besides fighting some war wearing sweatpants and tuxedo shoes with a fucking What a fucking machete in my hand would have paid a fucking tuxedo shoes And a knife fighting some goofy ass fucking war fucking As much as I'm the rest of this world many honest too much man you can you travel you know if you travel You know how much they on this country and I'm not a nigga no place else but here every place else I'm American I gotta figure out how to be an American I had to learn that shit See a nigga like arguing like let me tell you something about the star spangled banner buddy Like I don't defend America, but you go to another country. You just I just I just do it and I try to tell people This is no people think we're weak, but we're not a weak country. It's just look at 9-11 I'm gonna tell you something about this country 9-11 man is Look I live in Jersey City and I've seen the world trades in a shit happen and writing it used to be You know people after the buildings fell people go down to them holes and be crying and shit now you go down there and the holes of The turrets attraction, you know saying that people are like taking the the shout out Pitches, you know what I'm saying in front of the holes Because that's how we are we have to accept how we are we just That kind of country not 11 is I got like 10 more years before it's a holiday Hanberger hot dog holiday if you think it's not just think about our country we don't celebrate like peach Cobbler day or You know honeydew melonday we celebrate horrible shit Mommy, how come we looking for painted eggs and the bushes well sweetie Because the Jews and the Romans fuck Jesus up They work his ass Pete the shit out Now let's have fun Have a wonderful time finding these eggs on the back of Jesus sweetie and Please pray for the Indians that died getting musketed in the face so we can enjoy this turkey And cranberry sauce and watch the football game get those fucking engines Those red motherfuckers some love those drugs. Let's give them some love for getting shot up Indians get to gruesome holidays they get Columbus day to God bless them Well Well, maybe not a couple of good holidays. We got mother's day and Valentine's day But you don't get the day off of that shit. I don't give a fuck how much you love your mama you better Bring your mother fucking ass to work because Did your mother get beat up mother fucking she dies she get crucified well then fuck that bitch better come in and Better come in and work Call a bitch from the phone or pay phone and say I love you, but you better get your I got mad at the tsunami shit. I got angry at that shit now we can talk about it now because the news don't talk about it No more so that means we don't we don't really care Like when I was watching the shit I kept going god damn that don't look like that movie to death tomorrow You should don't look horrifying. I would have died definitely because it didn't I just would have stood in my oh look at this It's a high one Shit didn't look horrific but evidently it was But if you live in New York City first of all you can't really get that fucked up over natural disasters Especially if you black black people just niggas do not die in natural disasters it doesn't happen That's something between Asians and white people Asians die in natural disasters they die in earthquakes and Flood just shit and white people die with all wind related to like gods God trying to blow white people away But the tsunami shit fucked me up because again this foreign shit Movucket started attacking bush, okay, but when you attack bush you attacking the country and I'm not really on some Bush it but but you can't attack this motherfucker. They said he didn't apologize quick enough For the tsunami like he didn't get up out of bed and make a speech For the tsunami shit first of all it was the day after Christmas Second of all only about two thousand people died at that time so that's like well, you know So billion in a motherfucker's over there It didn't start getting fucked up till like six figures like a hundred god damn hundred thousand shit But they start cursing this motherfucker up because he didn't get up and make this before Well, let's be honest. Let's just be honest. I don't think the motherfucker know where Indonesia is On the map neither does he give a fuck like if you ask him where's Indonesia? He was like I asked them Secretary of giving a fuck with ashes black bitch Black bitch always next to me Shit, I don't know where the fucking don't he is You think he give a fuck with Indonesia's Plus you know when he got the memo the first thing you do was look at and go oh boy first of all what the fuck is it to son of me Everybody everybody's scared and shit Everybody's scared to tell him it's tsunami mr. President because you smack a shit out of him that's tsunami What the fuck is that a tea is that a team is that a S? It's to a son of me. I'm a smack this shit Next motherfucker come in here and tell me I pronounce the motherfucking word. I will smack you through this motherfucking wall I Mean when you watch the news you when you home alone, man certain things is you know you feel differently When you then when you're in public and people ask you like Scott Like let me let me like Scott Peters and let me qualify what I'm gonna raise it right now that I believe People are guilty or innocent based on the fact of whether I think they are I don't have any other proof I just go out I think the motherfucker I never thought Mike Tyson And the reason I said this because motherfucking now he's fighting like farmers. They got Mike fighting Anybody Just to say Mike we want to see you knock him up a fuck out again He was so special as a knockout artist. We hated to see him But he got on a rate beef that I never believed especially based on the last interview we had with bread of vans suskin and He goes she goes. What do you have to say to your victims Mike? He goes well. I wish I didn't really rate the bitch And her mama I wish I had a million rate the bitch and a mama. I'm like, oh, that is an innocent man That's the I'm telling you only an innocent man could be that angry and say some shit that fucked up Like I wish I had to have a rapes out of it and jail for something instead of raping a bitch and I really didn't so that's Mike's way of like figuring it all out And her testimony years ago, which cut me off even without the interview with interview solidified Her testimony he forced oral sex on me and I said damn he made you suck his dick. That's terrible He ate a pussy. That's when it was like case Case dismissed because What rapes tries to make you feel wonderful I Haven't eaten pussy a long time And I never eat it rapey how the fuck do you go shout out? Shout out my music pussy shout out My peel away the out of lips and Slide the hood back to exposure clitoris For maximum stimulation shut the fuck up You can't even make a mean face why you eat pussy you can't you go shut up You better not be a join this shit As any woman here beginning to pussy eating them and going oh, please Oh Please eat my pussy somebody tell something Shut up nobody here your cries I knew that dude Mark Hackie did it that my mark Hackie's the other Scott Peterson But he he didn't get away with it. He admitted he did it right away He just couldn't take the pressure, but I knew he did it immediately Because he was on TV crying being dishonest he was on TV Please please help me find my missing wife please and I was like that motherfucker killed his wife Why cause no man cries over his missing wife That's not enough. We don't like you like that I'm a party for a week before I play hold up hold up turn the music down. This bitch is missing Hold up. Yo, you see this bitch. Miss yet. This is a pile the fuck up. I wish yeah His reaction wasn't honest We do not like you like that. His can tell you what would happen if you came up missing first a day go by he's like She's cheating on me The second day we don't even think about you. We started thinking about ourselves like oh they're gonna think I killed this Oh So the whole second day you like god damn I should call the cops, but they go and think I killed this man I didn't kill it. So the third day you call like I Officer my wife is in my calling to to early. She's been missing for three days is that too early to call you like How did I know that she was gone? Well, I haven't been miserable for the last couple of days Yeah, the bitches missing You feel that shit. I'm asking to talk to the fellas. Did you feel that just now? Did you feel of a gin is like you feel that shit? It's funny like I love that shit when the pussy's just like Did you feel how to stop when the pussy's just they give you the pussy being you feel it when they just look at you like like I'm supposed to stop what the fuck I'm want to say and shit. They just I And it happened all at the same time you feel like pussy power is activate For mom and giant pussy shape over Billy Club Look don't be upset about do do your job. That's your job is just to make men's fun miserable Your job is the one mother is right at that cuss were having a great time y'all just fuck it up Look at all the guys are straight ahead looking straight ahead not even give her the bitch Perifio see things ain't even like this because they know the pussy being But that's what y'all do So does y'all get to some y'all don't like it's just shut it down, but really fundamentally on a just on a primal level We don't like you. We don't like you We don't ever want to really see you like you never heard four guys hanging out at a party right and one One of them goes you know what I make this party even better If my girl was here She's funny as a mother And And the only reason you get that we don't go get the fuck out of it It's cuz you you women are the worst terrorists There are Worst and okay to cuz this is what y'all do you hold the pussy hostage and Threaten to kill it if we don't listen to your horrendous nonsense And you make it read a letter to pussy be reading the letter Please Please listen to our story I just gonna kill me you never see me again Look at it look at it It's posh for the same good what girls are doing Girls who that he hates women he hates women Somebody gotta tell you You Let me ask you a question his question is good serious question Okay ladies if you didn't have a vagina Like say it was a terrible train accident, right and the doctor was like we have to remove your pussy right away What you gonna die How would you keep your man passed you get a two-month Guilty I can't leave the bitch right away cuz you just lost a pussy to train actually Can't just walk right out on How would you keep your man pass that if you didn't have a vagina? Wow Nothing you can talk you can talk Suck his dick okay mouth As whole okay, great You see what I'm saying now I've been getting pussy peeing the whole show right but I give women an opportunity to say I'm gonna make myself worth but you just classified yourself as a series of holes but You know I'm supposed to teach you special, but you just a bunch of holes to yourself No one said learn how to play eggs box learn how to play pool Tell better stories get another bitch that got a pussy to come on in Wow look whatever Plus when you get a certain age pussy is not what it was when you was younger I Like pussy differently. I don't know what the difference is but it's like I don't get excited about the idea of getting pussy Like I only fuck so I have a memory to jerk off to later I Can't enjoy it until later on when I'm turking off to I'm like oh this is gonna be good as a motherfucker later When I'm beating off to it when I could just really enjoy this shit instead of looking I Been jerking off in the shower so long surprise a baby hasn't crawled out the drain yet I'm just saying no it is like it said it really is Like that you feel so comfortable making this miserable. It's I don't understand what it is Like what is that what is it? Will you just go hey I'm comfy. I'm just comfy. It's reverse rate It's not the same rape like men and flick the palm women and if you could ladies you would you would rape us You would come out of a bush with a gun give me some dick motherfucker But we be laughing First of all what you got a gun for Shut up motherfucker put your dick out you got to pretend to be scared So what you do is it's emotional is a different kind of rape because you don't deal with rejection women are not built to be rejected on a daily basis So if you was to let a guy know how you feel about him every day, and he's like look I don't like you like that that would just destroy you so what you do is you force us to have Emotions first That you already have but you make us say it first so you don't get rejected from your emotion. Here's woman rate ready You miss me And if you say no, I don't miss you She she kills the pussy to pussy's dead But if you say yes, and you don't mean it that means you are that's where the rape is I've said I honey I love you and didn't mean it and I want to take a shower after I want to lay in the tub and the fetal position and cry Because I lied to a bitch about how I felt now she thinks I like it like that And we do that because you can't women can't handle Like surface happiness you just won't be happy surface. You got to ask a question all the time Yeah, we the girls pussy for the first time and she goes, can I ask you a question? Have you done that to a lot of other women? Yes, yes, of course Did I look like I had any Difficulty find a way to fuck to go oh That's my spot how'd you know because there's everybody's five bitch you're not special Behind the neck what you got different nerve in this and You want not to keep your man happy? I'm telling you because it's desire you want you don't want the guy to just fucking like Be into you because you want him to be you want him to love you and shit Here's how you do it first of all first thing you do don't ever talk to him Don't talk to him ever Just set the fuck up just don't with your nonsense don't talk just don't talk He'll love you if you leave him the fuck alone Secondly in the bedroom you got to be a $15 hookup Disgusting you got to embarrass your parents You got to do shit that you got to do horrendous horrendous shit in the bedroom you have to if you don't he's gonna leave you Because we need filth with visual with visual So you have to be a whore and and and like you're a fucking woman with dignity all the time Like she always has self respect and you're trying to push your head down in the pillow and lift her ass up and she's like Get into some civil rights, but she won't go down Like As she's looking at you like you you ain't gonna suffocate me and put me in slave me Now I don't even argue no more. I just I don't even get them soon. I feel like shit I just take both arms and pull them back and our head just Now I tried I tried to give you the opportunity For us to be a partnership Like when you're a whore be a whore for you don't be a whore for me. We know the difference Be a whore like when you suck the don't go Never do make a sound between retarded And choke it that's sexy to Like just and like you and brush your teeth My brother like Jesus my just bitches are fucking Married this bitch You want to get married? I Gotta go to me. I'll take that Thank you very much ladies. I was bullshit about all of that. I Was just joking. I was hoping I get some pussy after so
I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. That's what we like to hear. GOOD TO SEE EVERYBODY. I wanted to film my specials. I wanted to film my specials. I wanted to do something cool. I wanted to do something unique. I'm gonna film it in a rock club. I love rock and roll music. I love Zeppelin, Skinnerd, all the modern bands. And I got a comedy club that was being like the movie Demolition Man, and I could not be happier. And I do have some good news to report right off the bat. You guys hear Apple Beasts is bringing back the $1 long Island Ice Tea. Yes. Woo! The cheapest DUI in town is back. You want to take a tour of your local prison four bucks. LAUGHTER Look, I'm all for drinking yourself the debt like Nicholas Cage and leaving Las Vegas, but it should cost you more than $6 to accomplish that feed. How many guys do you think get drunk at Apple Beasts? Get arrested, and then they use their one phone call in jail to call the Apple Beasts. I let my credit card. Can somebody pick it up? Ah. That's just scary. But folks, look, in life, there are good deals, and then there are discounts that are dangerous. You're never going to walk into a pet store. Hey, all snakes. $1. Have that. The kids seem to like the ones that rattle, so maybe pick one of those. That's a different level of drunk now. Apple Beasts drunk. Like a normal drunk, you go out. So, let me be all probably normal drunk right now. I'm normal drunk right now. You know? You go out, you have a few beers, your night, you wind up at Denny's. Apple Beasts drunk. You wind up in a different country. Normal drunk, you go out, you pass out and your buddies catch. Apple Beasts drunk, you pass out in the middle of the forest. All your friends are dead. And I like to eat. I like to drink, which clearly means I picked the right town to take my special in. Right here in Chicago. This is where you do it. I've been training for this thing for a long time. So, I've been doing stand-up obviously, but then I also wanted to physically prepare myself to look great on camera. And so, I've been working out with a trainer the last three months. I was gaining muscle mass, losing body fat, two days in Chicago. It's all done. We're right back to square one. I had an app, guys, in LA. I had an app. You couldn't see it all the time. And I didn't say apps. I said, one app. Of the six, it was the one right up here. I have like a little window in my bathroom because who wouldn't want to look? And you get out of the shower at a certain point, and you stare in the mirror, and if the light comes through, and you put the staff of Ra right here, and the light shines in, you can see the app. And that's gone now. 38-year-old discipline Mark L was got on a plane at LAX. And when that plane landed at O'Hare, deep planning was a very different person. It was no longer the adult Mark L was the 11-year-old shubby Mark L. I like K-so popcorn, nuts on Clark, nuts on Clark. I'm trying everything in your city. I cannot say no to pizza. I love all kinds of pizza. I'm not a picky person when it comes to pizza eating. I'll do anything. I'll do delivery. I'll do frozen. I will take nine Beggle bites and form one giant slice. LAUGHTER Gimmick pizza's ruined me. It doesn't matter what the gimmick is, I'm going to buy it. I remember being a chubby little kid and seeing the first ad for pizza-hut stuffed crust. Oh, as a fat kid, that was like our beetles on Ed Sullivan moment. LAUGHTER Everything changed that night. The grass was greener. Flowers smelled sweeter. The diabetes was more type A. It was a good day. I saw a commercial for a bacon cheeseburger pizza. And like, Cawkr, I can't even help it. My hand just grabs my phone. Hey, it's me. Send it. You know where to send it. Like, it's gotten so bad. My friends, they won't even let me into a conversation about pizza. Because my friends are passionate. They'll be arguing like, New York versus Sicilian. I come walking in. You guys see that guy? You can fold all those boxes? LAUGHTER You guys know if you order Papa John's and Domino's at the same exact time the drivers have to joust. LAUGHTER It's in the Bible and the Quran. It works both ways. LAUGHTER It's true. The drivers have to joust. And the loser works at Little Seasers for the rest of his career. CHEERING But I'm here in Chicago, and I like to do as the locals do wherever I am. So like, if I'm in Kansas City, I'm going to eat some ribs. If I'm in Nashville, I'm going to listen to some country music. If I'm in Chicago, I'm going to pay two guys to beat the shit out of me. Because that's what you do. CHEERING CHEERING Just so small, it's an actor. He's not a very convincing one. He's an actor who, allegedly, allegedly, hired two guys to jump him. And it's like, dude, why would you hire two people to jump? You're in Chicago. If nobody's mugging you, wait 10 minutes. LAUGHTER They're on route. And I get it. He just wanted attention. He just wanted sympathy. And we all want that. He wanted to get a better job. I've had jobs that are so bad, I would actually take the beating over the job. You ever have those jobs like you walk in and you're thinking it's like Tuesday morning? You're just going over all that stack of papers on your desk. And right before you get to the front door, you're like, I just wish someone would come and pistol with me right now. Just do it. I don't want to be filing reports. I want to be laying in bed collecting cards. I want get well cards. Not get well soon cards. Get well cards. Because I intend to take my sweet ass time healing from these injuries. And if that joke offends you, you guys want to at me, you want to, you want to complain? You don't have to worry about it. Karma already took care of the job. Because not a week had gone by when I was doing that joke. What happened? My face got attacked. I had my own face wounds. You can still probably see it right here. So I got mine done for free. Here's what. Here's what happened. I'm the co-owner of a dog. She's a half-begal, half-boss and tear named Molly. She is fantastic. She is the best. She just lets me borrow her Instagram handle once in a while. So the way that I come by Molly is that she belongs to my ex-girlfriend. Now, my ex-girlfriend and I are still really good friends. And Molly and I are still best pals. So that makes me the dog stepfather. I get to be the stepfather of this beautiful dog. And being a dog stepdad is a lot like being a kid stepdad. It's the same thing. You come in. They're already done with potty training. So the only rule you have to adhere to is as soon as you're done having sex with the mom, you give them a treat. And all is good. So. And so Molly, now we go to the dog park. All the time. And it's great. Now Molly was not in this particular fracas. Molly, as soon as she goes to the dog park, she doesn't really want to talk to other dogs. She's done sniffing butts. She just wants to go around the perimeter. Like, she walks around the outer perimeter of the dog park. Like, she's Tim Robbins and Shaw Shank. Like, casing the joint for some sort of weakness. And these two big dogs started getting that. And I saw it. And I'm like, you know what? I can break this up with my hands. Let's see how my face does. And I got right in there. And a dog jumped. Took a chunk out of my face. And it really hurt. And it's such a sad realization knowing you are not going to be on tiger beat. This particular month. It's rough, man. But the scariest part about being bit by a giant dog, it's not the pain. It's not the aftermath when you're bleeding. The scariest part about being bit by a giant canine is the next night it was a full moon. Yeah, that's not cool. Like, I've seen a lot of movies. And I'm driving home. And the clouds part. And I see the moon. And I'm like, wait, am I itchy because of allergies? There is something else going on here. Yo, I raced home. I run into my apartment. Now, I don't own any silver bullets, but I drink a lot of course light. So, run in. Sugar six, peck. I blast Bob Seeger in the silver bullet band. And I healed myself of my werewolf tendencies. And that's what you got to do, man. You got to take the lawn to your own hands there because you do not want to become a werewolf. If you become a werewolf, what's going to happen is you go crazy, you got a hairy, you run around, you attack people, you kill some people, you wake up in the woods and the next day you lean over. There's a guy there, dude, what do you do? I don't know, man. I went to Applebee's last night and this happened. I love my job. I love traveling. I travel around a lot. People make the misconception about comics that were on tour. And sometimes we'll brag about it. Like, hey, I'm going out on tour. Comics don't really ever tour. Rockstars. They go on tour. Comics, where does in Jacksonville? Our tours don't have cool names. This isn't the Mark Ellis invasion tour. This is the let's see if Mark pays his rent. Again, this month tour. I was paying my rent a couple months ago. I was in Indiana doing a college because success. And I was doing Vaprezo College and I get in there and I stayed at a hotel. I've never had the walls this thin in my entire life. And I'm not going to name the hotel. But let's say if you were going on a holiday, this is an end you want to avoid. Staying there and I can hear people having sex above me. I can hear people having sex below me. I can feel people having sex right next to me. Yes, sir. Old Mark Ellis was trapped in an Indiana fuck queue. And then I got to go do a show the next day. I got to do a college show and the kids are great. They were awesome. It was like 300 kids there. So afterwards we're doing the meet and greet. I'm taking pictures with the eight of them that stuck around. And they all came up and they all asked me the same question. They said, hey, are you going to go to the chocolate factory? And I'm like, what is the chocolate factory? I think I might have heard some people go to the chocolate factory last night. I don't know what the term meant. I don't know if it's some colloquial Midwestern thing. Like, I hear he's taking her to the chocolate factory tonight. But now, apparently outside Balpo, there's like one of the more recognized chocolate factories in the United States, which is cool, except I am way too old to want to go to a chocolate factory. Because I'm an adult. On these college kids, they're wide eyed, they're excited. They haven't seen Willy Wonka in the chocolate factory. Like, I have seen Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory. Because when you're a little kid and you watch that movie, you think, wow, look at how much fun a chocolate factory would be. As an adult, you watch that movie and you realize none of those kids made it out of that factory alive. The only one that escaped with his life was Charlie Bucket and he got the worst deal out of any of them. Charlie and Willie and Grandpa Joe take off in an elevator that has never been tested before. And Willie offers him in an elevator, so it's not like Charlie can say no. Willie says, you know what, Charlie, you get the keys to the factory. It's yours. Because what 13-year-old wouldn't want a factory job for the rest of his life? Wonka was running that place like the fire festival. Here's the keys I am gone. I have fun with the investigation. I'm going to Aruba. So I did not go to the chocolate factory. I went to a nearby bar and I had myself some fizzy lifting drinks. And I got nice and I got drunk and then I realized, hey, Mark, you're drunk. You know, it's time to do now. It's time to uber your way back to your hotel. So I walk outside, pull up uber and I realize that uber is a very different experience in Indiana. Because you know, in Chicago, I live in Los Angeles. You pull up your uber here and there's cars all around and one of them is going to pick you up and take you home, right? Indiana, very different experience because uber in Indiana, that app, it's just a map. Indiana is not awake so you're walking home. And it really, it's one of those moments of clarity you have because you realize how much you rely on technology to take care of yourself. Like uber, I trust that way too much. When you bring it down, it's just an app on your phone. You hit a button and some stranger in a Kia shows up and we trust that person to give us a ride home. It's like, well, you knew my first name. I guess I'll show you where I sleep. Come on, it's this way. They have a new service it is introduced and this is only in Southern California right now and it's called sober scooter. Get ready to get creeped out. Listen to this. So let's say you're out drinking, right? You don't want to drive your car home so you call sober scooter. That means somewhere else in town, there's a gaggle of dudes and they all have a scooter. One of them gets a call, hops on their scooter and rides. They're trusty steed to the bar where you are. You give them your car keys. You walk out your car, they put you in the passenger side, pop the trunk, put their scooter in your trunk. Get in the driver's side, drive your drunk ass back to your own house in your own vehicle. Yeah. And if you think that's a good idea, you've never been stabbed. It's like if I tip him does he come in and read me a bedtime story? You know when his afterwards he gets a scooter back and he goes home to grandma's basement to put on the skin of whatever client he had last week. That's an adult that rides a scooter. Which means by definition he sucks at driving a car. He has deemed him worthy of two wheels and a helmet. That's it. I'm not letting Gary near my car. He's not getting near the Ford Fusion. I'll tell you that much. You heard me right ladies, Ford Fusion. Yeah. Sounds futuristic because I'm not getting laid in the future either. I've had three cars in my life. I had a 95 Honda Civic, you know. Good starter car, the X-wing of Earth. And then I upgraded to a Chrysler 300 M, which had one previous owner and her first name started with M and ended with Om. And then June you're finally stepped up and said you know what I'm going to get my car. I'm going to go lease a Ford Fusion. And so I put on a watch and a collared shirt so the guy thinks I'm employed. And I show up. Why is we're told credit reports fabricated? I got the lease. Walk out to the car. First thing he shows me in the new car, he doesn't show me any of the cool stuff inside. Because inside the car, it's amazing. You can name your car whatever you want and your car will respond to the name you give it. I drive around and I tell Commissioner Gordon to play hot for teacher and he'll do it. Problem was he didn't show me that. And this thing he does is he takes me around back and he pops the truck and he's like dude, check this out. Inside the trunk, there's a handle. You can pull in case you get locked in your trunk. Get on in there man, try it out. 20 room for you and you're scooter. You're going to have a good time in that trunk. And I bought the Ford Fusion. I like the car fine but there's a lot of pressure because I'm originally from the south. And anytime you're from the south, you're going to have redneck friends. I love. But redneck friends, they always make you buy American. Doesn't matter what you're buying. It could be gum, refrigerator, Indian food. That ship better be made right here. It's all my boys back home and getting a new car. That's when they perk up. You're going to buy American, right? And if you bought like three more of them, come out of the bushes. Do you say American already? Is he going to buy American? So it did. I went out there. I bought a Ford Fusion. That's a car made right here in the United States of America. I legal amazes using foreign parts. It was made right here. And I feel like I can claim the south. I was born in North Carolina, grew up mainly in Virginia, which it's like the good south. We like fireworks. We can read. It's a good mix of the two. And when I say read, you guys know I mean watch vids on YouTube. It's the same thing. But now our family's all spread out because I live in California. My mom, my sister, they're back in Virginia. My brother's up in Seattle. So we're all spread out, which is great for me because in my family, my role, simple. I got the best job. I am an uncle. I'm an uncle. And being an uncle is easy because being an uncle means you come to town once a year and you get to be cool. You get to be that uncle. You can blow into town. You bring him some presents. You tell some funny stories. You get out of dives. They think you are awesome. Remember when you were a kid? I'll call you that your uncle was. You didn't know that Uncle Bob lived on a houseboat and didn't pay his taxes. You had no idea. I love being an uncle. Being an uncle is like if Guy Fieri was a person. Like that's how cool it is. I'm not making fun of Guy Fieri because trust me, uncles, that's like our Elrott Hubbard. We love that guy. Guy Fieri is the ultimate uncle because he does what every uncle dreams of. Every time you see Guy Fieri on TV, what's he doing? He comes into town. He's driving some badass sports car, cranking 80s rock. The locus is like, hey Guy, he tells some funny stories. He cooks for him. Next morning, Guy gets the hell out of town. And the locus is like, come back soon Guy. That's what uncles want. You don't visit us. You do not come visit the uncles. Uncle's we come to you. You cannot visit Guy because Flavor Town is not a place. It's a state of mind. These great things that happen once you become an uncle. For instance, did you guys know once you become an uncle, you never have to buy flip flops again. They're automatically there. Every room, it's like magic. It's like the Tim Allen Santa Claus movie. To become an uncle, I had to push another one off the roof. And now every morning I wake up, whether I like it or not, I got gas station sunglasses, croquis and a federal booby inspector shirt. I found out I was going to be an uncle because four years ago, four years ago, I got a text message from my brother. And all it said was, hey, Kate's pregnant. And so I do any good older brother should do. I wrote him back. Is it yours? You know, you got to make sure. Now, I didn't realize her whole family was also cc'd on the text message. There's certain things that the sunglasses emoji does not cover up. But that's how my family communicates. It's all done by text chain. It's all the same three things. It's either recipes, gardening tips, or pictures of the kids. And I love seeing pictures of the kids. But if you're a parent out here, I have a memo for you. From the rest of us, we don't need to see the bathtub once. I know every kid, he's there in the bathtub and it's so cute. Keep that shit to yourself. OK, to you, it's adorable. To me, it's a felony. I don't want it on my phone. All right? I want to see a picture of the kiddo not have myself on a federal watch list. OK? If you're a parent, you upload that to Instagram. It's 20 likes. If I upload it, it's 20 years. No, thank you. I don't need that stuff in my life. And I know being a parent's stuff. I know being a parent, there's so much responsibility. You have to clothe it. You have to feed it. You have to hug it. It's probably stop calling it after some point in its life. And I don't want to go through any of that. And I think it's tougher today. There's some things that have made parenting easier. Like medicine, blues clues. There's some ways that it's cooler. But it's tougher now to discipline your kids because you can't do what you used to be able to do to discipline kids. Try to spank your kid today. See what happens. You try to spank your kid today. They're going to tell on you. Yeah, they're going to find a neighbor, a teacher, a news crew. They're going to rat your ass out. Back when I was a kid, the spanking was in play. The spank was a possibility. Now, the story goes in my family that there's three kids, an older sister, a younger brother, and me, the middle one. Only one of us ever got spanked. It only happened one time. And it's from the guy that's talking to you right now. What happened was that I got spanked. And my dad apparently felt so bad about the spanking. He could never lay a hand on any one of us ever again. Yeah, we didn't know that. So the threat was still there. All you have to do is like this. And we're like, all right, well, and if we didn't shut up, then all my dad did. He grabbed his belt buckle. And we're like, what is happening now? That's... Is he taking his pants off? This has got creepy, dude. What? Got even more real on the road trip. Remember the road trip with your family? Discipline at 80 miles an hour on the highway? I was an Air Force grad. So he moved around all the time. Every road trip, same situation. Dad drives, moms in the pastor seat, three kids in the back. Now, as soon as the road trip began, mom passes out. So he's about spending time with us made her sleepy. So she's done. So now Dad's got to do everything. Right? He's got to do all the driving, the navigating, and the parenting. This is back before the GPS day. So he had like a map folded over here, cranking an RB's beef and cheddar in this hand, and he's trying to drive. So if we got out of the back seat, first thing my dad did, never yelled at us right away. First thing my dad did is he got really quiet, focused. Like he's planning what he's going to tell the cops after this blood bath and soons. And then it got louder. That's when I got physical. That's when you'd see Dad driving with this hand, and then this hand comes off the wheel. This hand grabs the wheel. So this one is free to just hit whatever he can find in the back seat. My dad always had a bad rotator cuff, and now I know why. It's like this. And that was always cool with me and my older sister, because we always made my little brother ride bitch. As soon as that hand came up, we're like, get in there Robbie, learn some life lessons. That was the only time my sister and I have really teamed up as kids. We're cool now. We love each other. But back then, we were at odds most of the time except for the road trip. That was the only time we colluded together. It was like two sovereign nations teaming up to get a common enemy. It's like if Japan and China team up to get North Korea. Or if the United States and Russia team up to get the American people. It's like that. But if that didn't shut us up, my dad would shift to phase three. Now phase three, this is the all time dad threat on the road trip. That's where he would say, if you kids don't shut up right now, I'm going to pull this car over. The side of the road. And just to reinforce it, he pull over to the grate a little bit. And we're like, oh, he's doing it. He's doing it. So I'll pull this car over. Yank you out, line you up on the side, spank each one of you in broad daylight. And if you saw that happen today, somebody else on the road is going to call child services. But back when I was a kid, other cars would see that and start honking their horns. Bram, bram, use your belt. It's more fun. The police would be driving by. I do. That's awesome. You want to borrow my night sticks? Some pepper spray? You good? Sober Scooter comes by. Can I play it with those kids after you're done? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I love my dad, though, man. I consider my dad to be my all-time best friend. My dad passed away a few years ago around this time. But he's my all-time hero. He's my best friend. I know that he's up there watching over me. Everything I do except like shower, because that'd be. It'd be a little creepy, right? I think. I don't know how it works, but I'm pretty sure when I go to the bathroom, he goes outside and plays catch with John Lennon. I'm really spitballing ideas, hopes, really. My dad always had this catch for his ID. He would always say, Proudy a boy. If I did something good, he'd have to use it much. But when he did, you know, he got a good grade on a test or I had a good basketball game. He'd say, I'm proudy a boy. Proudy a boy. And I've always tried to make him proud. So one of the things I love doing is a comic. He gives me the great privilege to entertain our troops. I just got back from a USO tour overseas. And I was in Jordan. You go near Syria, near Iraq. And it's amazing. It's eye opening to be over there, because this is the military. Like, they're willing to go overseas and defend our freedom. Me, I will fake being sick to get out of playing paintball. But once you get over there, you do the show for the truth. They love it. And then they take you around. They're like, hey, let's show you what we do for a living. And I'm all about it. Like, I got to put on the suit from the Hurt Locker, which is like such a shitty way to say it. Because it's not from the moon. It's like we went to the Smithsonian. And I'm like, that's the one. These are real things. These are things that people do. They get me in the suit. And the suit weighs like 100 pounds. You put on the helmet's like another 30 pounds. And I look to him after I have it on. I'm like, all right, let's do some push-ups, boys. And I get down there. So two hours later, they revived me. And we move on to the next station. I love the next station, because that's where all the German shepherds are. They will go after suspects. They'll like, you snap your fingers. They go run and charge them. And usually, I volunteer to put myself in the big rubber suit. Don't think that's going to happen again. And then this trip, I got to do something I've never gotten to do before. And I was so thrilled. I got to meet a pilot. Got to meet a pilot. And you say, well, Mark, you don't meet pilots when you go to the shows. No, the pilots are off somewhere else. They never come to the comedy shows, because they're studying, or they're training, or they're playing volleyball. They are doing something important. But they take me out to the tarmac. And apparently, this pilot is a phantomite. And so I see an F-18 land. I didn't even know the Fs went that high. It lands. And it pulls in to its parking spot. I don't know. I don't know any of this stuff. And he pulls in. And then I started to get real intimidated because the cockpit opens. And emerging is this seven foot tall stallion. He was like 55. But to me, he's like seven feet. Took his helmet off. He had short hair, but I just saw flowing locks. For the grouse crew, this is a normal day. For me, I'm looking at a Fabio book cover. The guy gets off the plane. He climbs down the ladder. And he's walking towards me. He's got the cool aviator shades. And he's got that confident. I just flew a fucking airplane walk. And I get ready to shake his hand. And one of the grouse crew leans him, they're like, hey, his call sign is molar. And I'm like, molar. I was expecting a Maverick and Iceman, molar. And then they say, yeah, they call him molar. Because the last time he was in a bar fight, he knocked the guys teeth out. And keep in mind, this is like right before I'm up here to meet molar. And molar comes in and he has that alpha handshake where he just takes you straight down. And he's like, hey, how you doing? I'm like, oh, god, that's it. And I didn't know what I was going to say to him, because I'm excited to meet him. But then I hear this molar thing. I'm like, did he fail out of dental school? And so this is the first words out of my mouth. He comes up and he's like, hey, I'm molar. And I went flossing and flying. LAUGHTER Molar felt sorry for me. Puts his arm over my shoulders. Like, hey, man, let me show you around the plane. So he shows me around the F-18. And I love everything I'm seeing. But then I get transfixed on one particular part. I'm right here. I'm looking up at a missile. Or if you're from Britain, it's called a missile. I'm looking right up there. And molar can see that I'm enamored. Or as he would say, enamored with this missile. I'm looking at it. And so molar says, hey, let's get this guy a step ladder. And he's going to autograph the missile. And I'm like, yeah, I'm going to audit. Do I go to hell for that? So they bring a step ladder. And molar, he just pulls a sharpie out of one of his many pockets. I don't know if you all know this. A military loves pockets. You've seen those uniforms. Their code is like, God country pockets family. So sharpie out is like, here you go, man, autograph it. And so I'm thinking, oh, God, all these people are gathered around waiting to see what the funny boy is going to write on the missile. And I'm like, oh, God, what do I do? So I get up there, flossing and flying. That was my big opener. And then I signed my name. I drew some shark teeth. I put the van, hang on the logo on it. And then I wrote four out of five dentist recommend this missile. That was, that was weird. Hi, molar. And I should have dropped them like there. But I kept going. The last thing I actually wrote on there was I put my Twitter handle on it. What kind of a douche puts a Twitter handle on a missile? Like, I'm thinking if this thing's a dud, I'm going to get some new followers out of it. Just get a tweet in the middle of the night, LOL, better luck next time. Some good news in the world, too. This happened a couple of weeks ago. There's a 98-year-old woman that just graduated from college. 98. Somebody turned 94 and was like, I got to get my life together. Where are you going on spring break? Heaven? LAUGHTER College is supposed to be the best four years of your life, not the last four years of your life. Just think about it. When you're that old, you don't have to go to class. Right? When you're 90s? You already live like a college kid. You have the same schedule. You get up, you get high, you want surprises right? Back to bed. That's it. Clock out, military. Your day is complete. That's the greatest generation for you. She's under 90s and still being productive. I'm 38. Cannot wait to get into a retirement home. You seen those ads on TV? I saw an ad for one the other day. I live in Los Angeles. This place is in Florida. They're advertising 3,000 miles away because they know they can hook this guy. And I'm like, come on late tonight. And I'm watching. I see this ad for this retirement home. I want everything I'm looking at. I want the bingo, the pudding, the bed pan. I want it all. End of the ad is the best part. The end of the ad, it says the villages. And then they're tagline, free golf for the rest of your life. And I'm like, that's awesome. And five minutes later, I'm like, it is a little cryptic, too, isn't it? It's not a great deal, or are they just betting that pop-up ain't going to make it all 18-holes? Get up to the start. You're like, what's the back nine look like? No one's ever made it that far. We don't know. I did go to college. I did the college thing. I majored in communications. It was a total waste of Lori Loughlin's money. I don't... Because I think when you go to college, you go with one or two mindsets. You go to college with a goal. You go to college with an idea. Like, you go to college with a goal. You're like, I'm going to be an accountant. I'm going to be a lawyer. That's probably going to come true for you. Go to college with an idea. I was like, maybe I'll be a doctor. That doesn't work out. I got comedy. Hey. So I take biology. I take the intro to biology. And this is my very first semester. I'm not going to tell you guys what I got in my first test. Like, I don't even remember. But my second test comes back from a scale of zero to 100. And all it says on it says, 53. That dot, dot. Nice improvement. I saw that and I'm like, I better be hilarious because... LAUGHTER And it's so funny that I get to like, perform at colleges now. And like, kids listen to me. They ask me serious questions after the show. What can I ask me? What should he major in? I'm like, I don't know. Do it, especially not. Do it makes you happy, dude. If you've seen the state of the world, we could be gone tomorrow. Like, oh, it used to be like, oh, well, what's the future going to hold? I don't know if we have a future, guys. We're having a good time in here. It could be the book of Eli out there right now, OK? Biggest misconception that people have about comedians is that we love when a president like Donald Trump takes office because we get so much material. And that's true. We get a lot of material. But the problem is he's giving us a little too much... Like, every day the guy meant a new way to be a moron. He's like the Thomas Edison of stupid. He just keeps developing new things. Like, he's hung up on the past the last week. He was giving Obama shit about his birth certificate again. So we never saw his birth certificate. Does anybody know where their birth certificate is? Come on, man. Does anybody have it framed above their fireplace? That was me, live birth. That was me. I get this, OK? If you voted for Trump in this room, I don't automatically think you're a racist or a sexist, OK? I like your odds. I don't automatically think that. Because Hillary Clinton had shady shit going on too. Hillary Clinton deleted 30,000 emails. And I know she did it on purpose because my mom's the same age as her and she's never deleted one email in her entire life. We get hung up on the small stuff too. Like social media makes everything worse. They know I hate Trump and so fans, they're like, oh, can you believe you did this? Can you believe you did that? That McDonald's thing? Clems and Tigers, the national championship football team got invited to the White House to have dinner. Shockingly, they accepted. And they showed up and everybody was like, can you believe Trump served in McDonald's? And I thought it was kind of cool. If Obama done that, we'd all be like, that's guy gets it. Yeah, he's. This guy knows what the young people are into. And I'll be honest, if I'm having to end up in Trump, I want it to be fast, because I want that meal to go by as quickly as possible. We don't have time to waste on the small stuff. There's big issues right now in our country, gun control. That's a huge issue. And I travel all over this way. I've been to every state. I see both sides of the argument, OK? I was in Michigan a few months ago. And Michigan, they love guns. Now, to some people in Michigan that hate guns, there's other people in Michigan that literally cannot climax unless they're looking at the second amendment. And the second amendment says, we have the right to bear arms. It also says, we have the right to form a militia if the government gets squirrely. And if you guys have noticed, government's a little squirrely. And if you're honest with yourself, you say, OK, well, if I need a militia to protect me, I probably want the Michigan one. That's like the good one to be on their team. Like, I want the militia that likes Ted Nugent Robocop. Now, we have a militia in California. It's just two guys at Whole Foods with a bow and arrow. That's all I want. And I don't like guns. I wish we get band guns. I just don't think it's realistic. You can't band guns. You're never going to band guns. It's a noble cause because people want to stop school shootings. So band guns, not going to work. If you really want to stop school shootings, don't band guns. Band school. It's 2019. We don't need school anymore. I'm sorry, but we don't. It's all on your phone. I promise you. Every question, every answer, it's on your own. And you're going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, I can do it. I've got a question. Every answer, it's on your phone. And I think it's going to make better adults because if you feel ostracized at school, you eliminate that. If you're a bullied school, you get rid of that false sense of empowerment. 90% of the stuff I learned in school. I don't use today. And that number would be higher except I never learned how to do percentages. I went to Catholic school. Anybody go to Catholic school? Some of you guys. I don't know how they did it at other schools. alcohol that like they were even like a thing. Except for one day, I was in seventh grade, and your parents have to sign a permission slip. And that's today, it's a 45 minute period when they're gonna teach you about sex and drugs, they're gonna get it all done and never mention it again. It was the funniest 45 minutes. I've ever experienced my entire life because it's taught by nuns. And so it's like, we're all walking into the sex talk, a little blind, you know? Nunds don't have sex because they say they're married to God and old God ain't putting out. So they kicked off with sex and the sex, God, it was, you have not laughed until you've seen a nun put a condom on a banana. And then they moved on to drugs and drugs was great because they were teaching us about pot. They said kids don't smoke pot. Why not? What's pot? It's a gateway drug, right? It's a gateway drug. It leads to other things like what? Snacks, pussy, free guitar lessons? No, sure. Some of y'all probably get high, right? You get high, sir? Woo! This is so great because like I was clearly not looking at air and I was like, you know, I'm not looking at air. I'm like, you know, I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I was clearly not looking at air. But you felt the nerves of your friend. You were excited to admit it. Your friend looked to me like, I'm an undercover cop. Like, oh, I don't know. This would be the best thing I've ever been. LAUGHTER I wasn't even a comedian. I just practiced stand-up for 10 years to get this motherfucker right here. LAUGHTER CHEERING Woo! This is all a lie, guys. I was at home having dinner with my wife and kids, and I got the call from the sergeant. He's there tonight. All right, fine. Honey, I got to go. This could be the night. This on stage, doing my thing. Hey, who does drugs here? You get the fuck down! We got it! Get in there! Woo! Woo! LAUGHTER I'm a comic, I don't know. Which is weird, right? Like, a comedian. What the hell do I have to do? A comic that doesn't smoke weed. That's like living in Wisconsin and being lactose intolerant. LAUGHTER Because I believe what they taught us. And it's a lot safer than drinking when you break it down. It's a lot safer than drinking when you break it down. It's a lot safer than drinking when you break it down. If you go home, and you get high, what's the worst thing that's going to happen? Get stoned, you watch Animal Planet, you learn some shit about turtles. LAUGHTER But if you go home to your drunk, and you watch Animal Planet, you better look out because some crazy things are about to happen. Because you wake up the next day, you have no idea what went down. All of a sudden you get an email from Expedia confirming your trip to the Galapagos Islands. LAUGHTER You don't learn anything about turtles. There might be turtles in your place. There's turtles over here, there's bandanas over here, and you're like, I was going to make Ninja Turtles last night. Holy shit! LAUGHTER And who's scudderousness? How fucked up did we get last night? APPLAUSE I trust you. I can tell you guys this story. I got high once in my life. I got high one time. I got high. I had a pot cookie. Anybody? Yeah. First bite of a pot cookie does not taste like a cookie. But former fat kid, I know that if it first, it doesn't taste like a cookie, keep investigating. LAUGHTER And it's always as soon as you're done eating the cookie that's when whoever made it starts freaking out. They're like, oh, shit, you ate that whole thing by yourself? And I'm like, I had three by myself. What's the issue? I got so high that night I rode a term paper on why sharks and dolphins are the Israelis and Palestinians of the ocean. LAUGHTER I'd already been out of college for five years. Just really stoned on a twos. I'm like, people need to know this. This is important. But I say do it. If pots are thing, if alcohols are thing, don't abuse it. But get out of your headspace a little bit. It's great. What I usually do for that, I watch movies. I love watching movies. I'm a big movie fan. I like talking about movies online, and I like getting responses. Because 10% of the time they're positive. LAUGHTER 60% of the time it's negative, and 30% of the time it's just some gift that I don't understand. And I love every category movie, every genre. I love watching every kind of movie. Except I don't watch action movies. I don't watch them. I study action movies. I take notes for when this shit's going to happen to me. Every action movie I think could happen to me. Like diehard, diehard's the best one for a reason. Because we're all watching diehard at home, and we see a guy running around, stopping crime with no shoes on. And we look down, we're like, I got no shoes on too. LAUGHTER I'm making just with my toes right now. This is uncanny. Every action movie I think could be me. I saw the first taken, and I wanted someone I know to get kidnapped. LAUGHTER Some of them get dangerous. Because like, I can go see a fast and furious movie in the theater. I should not be allowed to. Because I take it too seriously. I see all those car chases happen on a giant screen for two hours, and then I need to get the car out of the way. I need a screen for two hours. And then I immediately have to operate a motor vehicle. I get in and I think I'm in the movie. I'm like racing people at the light doing that hardcore shift. You never have to shift this hard. Unless your car is made by John Deere, you never have to shift this hard. And I drive an automatic. I'm just going from D to L. LAUGHTER But I have to say, of all the movies I've ever seen, of all the movies I've ever loved, my favorite film franchise of all time, Star Wars. I love Star Wars. The best. Star Wars is the best. I can take so many lessons from the Galaxy far, far away and apply them to my own life. I gain endless inspiration from those movies. They teach us so many valuable lessons, one of which is not the value of a human life. You go back to 1977. In the very first one, episode four, a new hope, they blow up a planet. To show the might of the Empire, they blow up an entire planet. Seven billion people die. Thirty minutes later, we're having a metal ceremony. Oh! Did you have to kill an entire planet? People, George, with anybody halfway through Star Wars, you're like, I'm not sure who I'm rooting for yet. This is... And then Forza Winkins was even worse, because Forza Winkins, they don't blow up one planet. They blew up five. Thirty-five billion people died. Twenty minutes later, we're laughing, because the wookie's cold. What was the meaning like? With JJ and the other writing staff, he's like, okay, we got to take this up in our ideas. And one guy's like, how about we blow up three planets? And JJ's like, no! It's not enough death! So some other guys like, JJ, I think I have a way for us to blow up five planets. Thirty-five billion people. And JJ's like, can we put a lens flare in that? Yeah! Yeah! Like it. My most controversial Star Wars opinion, as some other people here may have as well, is that the best Star Wars movie, people debated endlessly, some people love the classic trilogy, some people love the prequels, other people get really high on Beth and love the holiday special. But I am proud to say, and I'm saying it on camera right now, my favorite Star Wars movie of all time, Return of the Jedi. Yes! Best one. You're saying no, sir, because you're high on drugs. What's your favorite Star Wars movie? Empire Strikes Back. I hear that a lot. Hear that a lot, and you're gonna throw your terms at me like, oh, it's cinema, story, acting. But my character argument is very simple. Return of the Jedi is the best movie. Why? Because in two words, we won. We won. We did it. The thing that we were trying to do for three moot, we did it. We blew the thing up. Again. And this time, we didn't have to kill seven billion people. We lost a few pilots in an E-Won, but that's all that happened. That's what I want. I don't want to go through the struggle. I just want the victory. If you look at it in terms of an NFL team, return to the Jedi. That's when we won the Super Bowl. The Empire Strikes Back. That's week 11 when we lost to the Bengals. Return of the Jedi. I want the good team to win. I want the bad team to lose. I want to blow up the Death Star. I want to drum on Stormtrooper Helmets. I want four scopes, getting drunk with wedge. I want Lando. Getting a little too close to Princess Slaya. I want Chubaka, hooking up with two E-Wonks, and nine months later, they have kids and their names are Yub and Nub. That's what I want. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE So I'm single. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I love that I said I'm single and some people with a crud put their hands up. Like we're riding a really depressing slow ride. I'm happy being single. I like being single. I love waking up every day. I mean, am I going to shower? Probably not. I went swimming a few days ago, so I'm good for the weekend. LAUGHTER And I broke up, and your friends always act like they care when you break up, but they really just want to know the dirt. Your friends get so nosy. I always ask the same question. As soon as they hear you broke up, they're like, oh, man, are you okay? Who broke up with who? Burr round of applause. How many people think I broke up with her? LAUGHTER Where we are on that one, penalty box. You getting to show it up? CHEERING I love this crowd for that reason, because... y'all are like, look, I'll pay money to see this guy, but I'm not sacrificing my integrity. LAUGHTER By clapping at a moment that I don't feel is just. LAUGHTER Scott has lectured us about e-walks, and we're expected to believe he broke up with her. Well, I'll have everyone in this room know. I don't break up with her. She break up with me. It was a mutual decision. LAUGHTER Both her and her vibrator agreed. It was time. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I think we moved in too quickly, because you always think it's going to be perfect, like both your leases are going to be up at the same exact time. You're skipping out, you meet on the street. Hey, let's go find a place together. It's not it. Mylees had just started, hers just ended, so she moved in with me, but she never really declared she was moving in. She just kind of trodged and hoarse all her shit into my place. And as a guy, you don't know what's happening. You're just like, man, I'm getting late a lot. This is... She woke me up one morning, and she's like, hey, babe, it's picture hanging day. It's picture hanging day, and I'm like, is that a Canadian holiday? LAUGHTER And I get it for her. Picture hanging day, it's like a celebration of two eyes becoming one for me. That's today all my pictures find out. You're not good enough to be on the wall anymore. Thanks for playing Young Guns 2, poster, into the closet. You go down into blaze of glory. LAUGHTER But we're still good friends. We support each other for two reasons. One, we really care about each other. And two, she dabbles in witchcraft. LAUGHTER You don't want to get on the wrong side of a Ouija board. LAUGHTER Like, I don't believe in it, but I don't not believe in it. That was my one rule. You cannot bring a Ouija board into my apartment. Because like, nobody's lives have been improved by Ouija board. Don't have any friends who are like, man, I was down and out. Then I found Ouija. You guys see Ray Leon on a commercial. I tried everything to quit smoking. Then I started communicating with the afterlife. LAUGHTER Well, hang out all the time. We talk. We talk about who we're hooking up with now. It's usually a one-sided conversation. But we do get to share custody of the dog. And this is a great story. Because the dog lives with her. And so after I moved out, she had her first guy since me come over and he spent the night. And guess who Pete on the rug the next day? Besides me, guess who else, Pete on the rug? CHEERING It's good times, man. And then my ex got me. Because she's like, yeah, I think Molly was just free duck because the guy was so much bigger. So it makes sense. It's a good line. It's a good line. Give her credit for that one. She won. I think we're just in different times in our life, too. Because I'm 38. She's 29. Very different places in your life. Because when you're a young lady and you're in your way 20s, you do everything, right? You go out, you go to concerts, go to festivals. When you're a guy in your my age, you go to the doctor. And for the first time, you have to take it seriously. You have to listen to what this guy's telling you. Everything he says, you're just looking at him like, your high school basketball coach. Like, yes, sir, I will run through that wall. I went to a naturopathic doctor. Naturopathic is Latin, for it does not take health insurance. And got everything looked at. Head to toe. Got the plumbing checked out. My test results came back. My doctor informed me that I'm in danger of having low testosterone. But you hear, and you want to get pissed off, you just do not have the energy. It ain't there. It's what have sent me his afterwards. My doctor sat me down and he said, Mark, you have to accept the fact that you're approaching the end of your sexual peak. And I was like, that was my sexual peak. That's as good as it gets. Because when you're a kid, you hear one day, you're going to have a sexual peak. And in our heads, we're thinking, man, I'm going to be at the top of a mountain. It's going to be hot chicks everywhere. Yo, he pulled out a chart. He pulled out a chart. He's like, yeah, this is where a man has the majority of his sex. And I was like, sir, I brought my chart. No such mountain. I didn't have a sexual peak. It was just a long canyon. And there are no women there. There's just a bunch of tissues and magazines. A USB drive, label, tax returns. That was my sexual peak. And that's where the younger woman, older women, that's a different thing. Because older women, what do you always hear about older women? You hear they're great and bad. And that's awesome. What worries me? How do you get that good? Because you start thinking about you're like, wait, wait, nobody just wakes up to starve, Cirque du Soleil. That takes years and years. It's intimidating. You look up at an older woman. You go back to her place. And it feels like you're walking into old Yankee stadium for the very first time. Because you're just thinking about all the greats that have played here before you. She's got jerseys retired in her living room. Son of a veteran door says, play like a champion today. And you're like, eh. And it's fun to think about how long life is. How quick life goes by. Because now I've become the last single guy. Every group of friends, y'all start out single. Then one by one you start getting picked off. Get married. You have kids. Then you have that one idiot friend left that never got it together. Ta-da. Michael Bubley with a drinking problem. This is him. All my friends are married now. And I still get to hang out with them, but it's a very different hang. Like when you hang out with your married friends, you got one of two options. You get to have like one beer at like 645. Or it's the go crazy option. When she goes out to town, that's when you get a random phone call from one of your friends. You're like, dude, I'm behind 711 with the bag of heroin. Get here. We've got 48 hours. Get here right now. Let's figure out how to do this. What? But what are you supposed to do? You're supposed to stay single? I stay in single. The technology's getting creepy. You know what I Google the other day? Sex robots. Yeah. I Google sex robots. When you Google sex robots, your Facebook ads change dramatically. LAUGHTER And I'm not into sex robots. For the simple reason, I'm worried that a sex robot is going to work a lot like a Fitbit. As soon as you're done, it's going to upload all your stats to Facebook. I don't want that. Your coworker's coming by the next day. Hey, Bob, three minutes. New record. Well done. I don't want a sex robot because I'm worried that that's the way we all go down. You know, like, think about it. Men don't really deserve sex robots. We don't treat human women all that well. How do you think we're going to react with sex robots? Think we're going to clean that thing after every use? Hell, no. It's going to go in the closet, come out, go in the closet, back and forth until the robot gets pissed off, had enough. One day, you're going to be having sex with that robot, and its eye is going to turn red. And SkyNet has begun. That's how the revolution starts. CHEERING I don't want it. I don't want it. I've never enjoyed mixing sex with technology. Even when I had the girlfriend, I'd be on the road for stand-up, and she would always want to do naughty tech. She'd send me pictures of herself in very compromising positions. You know, I see pictures of her boobs, and I'm like, that's awesome. And then I'm like, oh, no, now I have to respond. He's not going in the game. I've never sent a dick pick in my life on purpose. Send one by accident when I, here's what happened. I was depositing a check. On my phone, I didn't like walk into a bank like, hey, where's the cameras? You guys? So I was depositing it. You know how you do it on your phone. I was in my apartment. It was 9 p.m., so the pants been off for a number of hours now. And you lay the check on a flat surface, take a picture, flip it over, take another picture, hit send, and boom. $17 in your account, the next day. So I do all those things. And right before I hit send, I see in the corner of the picture, Waldo. I found him. And you know when your brain sends a signal to stop, my brain sent the signal, but my finger was like, I can beat the light. And it hit send. It was so depressing, y'all. In my mind, the check had a hard life, and it had finally earned its first vacation. And it was trying to take a selfie on the beach, and my dick was photobying it in the background. But I don't even want to deal with dating apps. I know that's how most people meet these days, and that's fine. I just look at it, and it's not that classic idea of romance we were all taught when we were kids. Like, a dating app is fine, but you think about how your grandparents got together. Everybody in this room, y'all's grandparents all got together the same way. Grandpa and grandma, they all met in a field. Running towards each other, grandpa. I saw grandma for the first time. He knew she was the one for him. Grandma saw grandpa for the first time. She knew he was the one for her. You just opposed that idea of true love, what we're gonna be telling our grandkids? Well, grandma said she was down to fuck. I was on bumble, so I took a shot. DM their butt stuff, question mark. The rest is history. The real reason, the real reason why I'm not pursuing anybody right now, why I enjoy being single is because I am so happy with this nation in my life, and how I get to interact with my family. So I love seeing my brother and his family, my sister and her family, my mom, aunts, uncles. It's a great time. Every time we get together, the Ellis family, we will roast each other. We make fun of each other, we tell stories. We will bring up the dirt on everyone. We sit around, we laugh, we have a great time. There is only one story in the history of Ellis mythology that does not come out of family gatherings, that we never talk about. That is so far back in our collective repressed memory. It has never been spoken about since the day it happened until right now. This is the one. So this is when I have my first serious girlfriend in college, so a little late. I dated a girl in high school where her name was Magic the Gathering. Yeah. Yeah. Woo! And we were home for Easter weekend. And just so you guys know, we're all still friends of this day. But that weekend, parents lover, everything's going great. Sunday morning rolls around, Easter Sunday. And I don't know where my dad, my brother, my sister were, they were all somewhere. So it's just me and my girlfriend, eating breakfast in the kitchen, and my mom's there. My mom says, all right kids, gonna go to the grocery store, be back in about an hour. Grocery store is at least 20 minutes that way, 20 minutes back, gotta buy food. It's gonna be about an hour. So at that point, I'm not thinking, hey, it's fuck a clock. I'm just thinking, man, you really can eat fruit whoops seven days a week. But we're alone in the kitchen. Wouldn't you know it? One thing leads to another, the hormones are raging. We're young, we're wild, we're in love. She comes over to me, she starts kissing me. She starts kissing me on the mouth with a tongue. And it's going great. And then she starts kissing me on my neck. And that's even better. Then she starts kissing down here. And once you get's boiled in the nipple line boys, you know your job as a gentleman is to usher her on her journey southward safely. We're not forcing anything. We're just your tour guide, okay? If you're a Lewis and Clark, we're a soccer joyo. We're just showing you the best route to get down there. And so now it's happening. Now this thing, this thing is happening at the kitchen table. And we're having such a good time. We don't hear the garage door close. I didn't hear it because I was having such a good time. She didn't hear it because at the time her ears were covered. And so my mom had come home and the way you enter our kitchen, it's like, let's say this is where the action's happening. You can enter our kitchen through here or through here, you can exit through there or through there. So my mom comes in, she has a bag of groceries under each arm. Y'all she handed it like such a pro. My mom walks in, sees the action, drops the groceries, and just keeps walking. She did it so well that I'm thinking like, is my mom the coolest wingman of all time? She was not, she was a mom. She was very pissed off. She was very upset. To the point where she couldn't speak to me, she couldn't even be in the same room as me for the rest of the day. And then we get to family dinner. Family dinner at the same table. And it was awkward because usually the family dinner is at the Ellis household they were known for. Marryment laughter could be heard from miles, not this particular evening. It's very awkward. My brother and my sister, they felt something in the air. My mom, I think she took two bites for dinner and was like, I'm eating in the laundry room. I can't do this. So she takes off. My brother and my sister leave. My girlfriend does the dishes. And then she goes upstairs. So now it's just me and my dad. Just me and my dad. And my dad had been informed of the day's events. So my dad takes a long sip off his Budweiser. And he says, so the kitchen, huh? LAUGHTER And I was like, Dad, I'm sorry. I know mom's upset. It'll never happen again. I am so horribly embarrassed. And my dad just looks at me and he says, proud of you, boy. Thank you, guys. Thank you so much. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
All right, yeah, y'all ready for the comedy? All right, let's give it up to Doodies, come out of Chicago Illinois. Please welcome Corey Holcomb. All right, what's up? I'm going to hop right into it. I want to talk about something I know everybody can relate to. Anybody got like a cousin or a homie or a friend or a neighbor or somebody you know who keep a nasty ass house. You know the motherfuckers house just be nasty ass time. You go up in that motherfuckers. Some of y'all probably with the ass tonight so you can't speak up like you want to. Man, I got a homie, man, my boy, man. Man, they have first of all here dirty motherfuckers. You know, I remember them guys just running around all week with that white t-shirt on. And they get that yellow stuff under the arm. Well, he had that on his leather jacket. Dirty motherfuckers, they... You know, one around. Don't take bads. You ever seen if it waxed be running all out there, you? Man, he had... Man, this is ill. I ain't... Look, he has so much wax in his ill. If you had a cute tip and you jugged it in his ill and pulled it out, you have a sugar daddy. Man, this dirty. And they house. I don't even know where to begin to talk. The house is just nasty. Stank. So it seemed like there was burning a chitlin' instant up in that motherfuckers. It was a nasty... It was a nasty... Dude, and they got... Y'all never go out there and house them. People with them old nasty apartments and they usually got one of them old bathrooms. You know, you go up in there and the tub still be on full legs. You know, you can sweep under that motherfucker. And they got the old sink in there with the double faucet. You know, with a hot water, come out this side. And the cold water, come out this side. Keep from burning your hand. You got to switch your sh... I'ma tell the lady something. Ladies, I want to put y'all up on something about men. Did y'all know every man in here could easily go three months without having sex? Now, let me tell you something y'all don't know. Every man got a woman on the side. I'm tell you, I don't care who he is. Every man got a woman on the side. But don't get mad, because I ain't talking about like another female. I'm talking about that person. You know, fellas, the one you messing around with all the time. Huh? I ain't going front. This is my main squeeze. You know what I'm saying? Whenever my woman be, oh, all right, you don't want to get me done. Fuck you then. Put your coat on, baby. You going to the holiday inn in this month? I like to... I like to ball up and draw that little face on her. And talk a little shit to her before I get with her. No. No. No. Yeah. I don't want this dick don't shit. He's so hearty. All right, girl, go to work. Woo! Hey, let me hit this here from the back. Ha! Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Now, I'm a rabid up, dumb man. I want to talk about some man. Man, I went to this church, right? Man, it was this preacher. His name was Reverend Sleeparown. He was cold, oh, fellas. If you'd been in this church, you'd have been jumping up and down in the out. Because he talked about something to hit home with a lot of brothers. So, you know, he came up, you know, I didn't back this preacher's come out. He was like, wow. I want to talk to y'all this morning about a problem in my life. It's a problem that dwells with a lot of men. Backstabs, you're like a knight. Goes deep into your pocketbooks. Put your financial bind. It's a problem that ain't never going nowhere. It's with you for a lifetime. I'm not talking about drugs and alcohol. Compared, that's a light drama. See a man's biggest burden is his baby's mama. Well, I'm calling over for Chicago.
One minute. One minute. Mark, listen, I know exactly what you're thinking right now. You're thinking this my first hour special, and I'm freaking out. And I don't deserve it, and you're thinking you're not funny enough, and that you're not good looking enough for television. And just you, I need to quiet all of those thoughts. You have every right to be here. And it's not just because I'm producing it for you that they let you do it. And yeah, you're just average height and weight, and very forgettable looking. But it's not about that. It's about comedy. Tonight's about jokes. Jokes that aren't good enough that you're about to tell. But I don't want you to think about any of that right now. Don't let anything get in the way up here. Because you are better than everyone says you are. Now you're just going to go out there and kill it. What are you going to do? Save your voice. OK. You're going to be so good. I don't regret this. I didn't try to back out. OK. Oh. It's me. What a great crowd. Yes. Thank you guys so much for having me. Thank you guys so much for coming. Welcome to one of the best nights of your god damn life. OK. Welcome. We're going to have so much fun tonight. I am so proud to welcome to the stage one of my favorite all-time comedians. Ladies and gentlemen, please make some noise for Mark Norbert. Thank you guys. Thanks. Thank you. You're right over here. Hey. All right. Hey, everyone. Yeah. All right, Jesus Christ. Thanks. Thanks for coming, huh? Yes. I feel bad. This is a big event. I'm a little hungover. Isn't that amazing? You know, we still can't prevent to hangover. We have all this medical research. I've tried the water. I've tried the pills. Nothing works. We can prevent children. Right? We can't prevent a hangover, you know? At least some people want kids. I've never woken up like, ooh, I am really hungover. But you know what? I think I want to keep it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I got to cut back on the sauce, man. I blacked out last week. That's embarrassing. I'm too old for that. I told my roommate, he's like, oh, you're blacked out. Ooh. That means you forgot to brush your teeth last night. I was like, wow, that is the least of my worries. I'm more concerned with the lipstick I'm wearing. Why is that my mom a dick pick? Yeah. She was like, oh, a family plan. Yeah. He's hangovers. You know, people always talk about how honest you are in your drunk. You hit that a lot. Get that guy drunk. I'll tell you anything. I feel like I'm whim-er-honest when I'm hungover. When I'm drunk, I can lie all day. That cops like you've been drinking. I'm like, no way. Ah. When I'm hungover, that's when I'm honest. My life's in shambles. I have nothing to live for. Yeah. Yeah, your friends like, you want to get brunch? You're like, eh. I've never liked you. Everything's alive when you're drunk. You know, you're like, hey, it's the best night ever. These are my good friends, and she's super hot. Then you wake up. Like, as a waste of time, I spent too much money, and that's a dude. Yeah. I don't know. I guess I'm an alcoholic. If I'm going to be addicted, any drug, though, I'm glad it's alcohol. Yeah. Just so easy to get. Right? Yeah. That's crazy. Like, I think that's why alcohol is the only drug you pour out for dead friends. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You would never have like cocaine, you know. You're like, well, I was your poor little, whoa, whoa, we all love Greg, but that's just expensive. All right. Yeah. Take it easy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See, I drink a lot, but I still get my stuff done. You know, I'm what you call a functioning alcoholic. Any functioning alcoholics here? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We get a bad rap, huh? Why is that a negative term? We're actually harder working. Everyone else, yeah. We're doing the same stuff you're doing drunk. Where's our parade? What? Bob should up to work on time? Screw Bob. I slept here. Yeah. We're tough. We don't bitch. Suzy didn't show up. She's the flu. Well, I have disease and I'm keeping it a secret. Yeah. Where's my plaque, huh? Yeah. I don't know. Hmm. I was hung over on a flight the other day. That's the worst. Oh, flight hung over. Oh, God. I hate flying. I see the only part of this job. I hate flying. I hate flying. I hate flying. I hate flying. I see the only part of this job I hate. I like a train. Give me an amtrak any day. No bag check. No security. It's almost like they've never heard of a terrorist. Yeah. I hate flying. Flying is so high maintenance. Flying is a high maintenance girl. You want to get inside me? You got here an hour early. Take your shoes off and do a body scan. You're like, dude, it's a surprise. Good Lord. Not a train. A train is like a drunk chick. Like, get a beer. Get in here. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! No security on a train whatsoever. You can walk on a train with three suitcases full of cocaine. Like, hey, see something? Say something. Chee-chee! Ha! Ha! This is how sad and desperate trains are. Trains don't ask to see your ticket until the train has left the station, right? They've already started moving and then they ask, how much of a fuck could they really give? Take us, please. I don't have one. We gotta buy one now. I don't have any money. I'll figure it out. Ha! Ha! Enjoy Newark. Alright, yeah. Ah, I just hate flying. They've ruined it. It's so nerve-racking. Every flight is an anxiety attack, you know? Every time I have a flight, I feel like it's my first day of class all over again. I'm eight years old and I'm back at school. You know, you're on that plane, single-file line, book bag on, just trying to find your seat, you know? Then you finally get to your seat, people pull out snacks and start farting. Right? Right? And the flight attendant, she's terrifying. She's like the teacher, you know? She's kind of hovering. She's nerve-racking. She scares you. She walks by. You hide your phone telling you're reading. Ha! And she gives you a little lecture. Hey, seat belt, seat belt. You know, then the pilot. He's like the principal. He's up in his office. Comes on a loudspeaker, you know? Right? He don't really want to meet him, but you know if you do, you're in trouble. Right? Right? Right? And you're like, all right, I got a pee. You can't pee now. 32 years old. It's not pee time. Sit down. It's Christ. Good Lord. Now you're pissed. Now you're just waiting it out. You're like a teacher. How much longer? Jesus Christ, you're counting the minutes. Then the plane lands, the bell rings. You grab your stuff. You fight your way through the building. You find your mom. She drives you home. Ha! Ha! Ah, cheers. Oh, come on. Ha! All right. Hey. Love a train. You only flaw a train though. If you fall asleep on a train, they just keep going. You know? They don't know where you live and they don't care. Right? Every time I wake up on a train, I look like a roofy victim. I'm like, where are we? Who is he? Ha! Ha! Ha! It's so dramatic. You miss your stop on a bus or a subway. You walk a couple extra blocks. You miss your stop on a train. You get out and you're like, well, I guess is my new life. Ha! All right. I don't know. That's just me though. I worry about everything. I got really bad anxiety. Horrible anxiety. Riddled with anxiety. I live in the city. I don't have a car. I just walk around everywhere. You guys ever do this one? You guys ever leave the house without headphones? Whoo! Thoughts are not good. Ha! My God, this whole time, I thought I love music. Turns out I just hate my brain. Just being attacked all day long with this insecurity playlist on shuffle. What are you doing in your life? You drink too much. You're going to die alone. You call that a penis? Ah! Ah! Bad head. My brain is evil. Like it taxed me. It's like a bully. I'll be at a party, hanging out. Everybody's having a good time talking. My brain's like, hey, you weirdo. You're being too quiet. Everybody's wondering why you're such a quiet weirdo. Come on. Get in there. Say something. You looted it. Come on, you freak. Jump in. You're like, oh, come on. Get in there. You find a say something. Your brain goes, woo! That's what you picked. Ah! Shut up, dummy. Damn it. My brain never stops. I can't sleep at night. I'm a horrible sleeper. That's why I hate these bed commercials. You see it 4 a.m. Hey, you can't sleep. Well, how come was your mattress? What's your sleep number? How's your firmness? You think lack of comforts would keep me up at night? And that's a problem, really? I'm a team show I got going up here, right? Yeah, it's the worry of the anxiety, the dread. I don't need to match this design by NASA. I need to XANX up to self-esteem. All right. Come on. Comfort. I can sleep on a gravel road if I had a good childhood. All right. Come on. Yeah. Brain never stops. That's why I never got these guys like, hey, I'm going to bed. I'm like, what are you even going to bed? I got to pass out. I can't just go to bed, all right? What do you create? You want me to lay alone in the room in the dark? Am I into where? That's what screwed me up in the first place. Yeah. Roodle. I don't think I'm depressed, though. I wouldn't say I'm depressed. Although the symptoms of depression, binge drinking, hard get out of bed, avoiding people, those are all the things that make me the most happy. They always show these commercials. Some guys depressed, pops a pill, and now he's skydiving, riding a convertible. Then they show the depressed guys in bed with a bunch of pizza boxes. I'm like, that's living. Yeah. Yeah, I'm an awkward guy. Very awkward. Can't make eye contact with people. See, that was tough. Yeah. I'm working on it. It's too intense, too intimate. I don't know how you people do this, you know? It's like a sign of respect. It looks up in the eye. It blows my mind. It's too much. I can't do it. Every time I look at somebody, I'm like, well, I guess we're in love now. I feel too much. I feel like, everything makes me uncomfortable. Certain words are hard to say. It makes me feel too weird. I love you. That's tough, huh? I can't say it. I can barely say croissant. What a horrible word. It's so pretentious. Good Lord. I can barely order one. They look amazing. I'm like, I'll take a muffin. Screw it. Yeah. Yeah. Socially awkward, you know? I know I'm socially awkward. I asked my friend what his biggest fear was. He said, losing his child. He said, what's your biggest fear of markets? I said, huh. I accidentally hang the FaceTime button on my phone. Is there a more terrifying moment of life than that? Can't people see me? I'm not ready. I go weird stuff going on in my room. I'm eating two out of a can. I got half a boner and old earbook open. It's weird. Yeah. Oh, man. Too much. Oh, yeah. I'm an introvert. Introvert, here. Hey, all right. You guys. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You guys. Rarely. Speak up. Yeah. Not fun being an introvert. You know, you just got to get out there and fake it. Yeah. Hard around people. Most people like being around people for us. It's like, work. It's tough. Like this is an introvert's biggest fear right here. You're hanging out with some guy. I don't only know. You're like, all right, man. Good hanging out. I'm going to take the train home. This guy goes, oh, yeah, what train you're taking? I was gonna take the number six. Hey, me too. Fuck. Damn it. Back on the clock. Tough to go around people, day jobs. I don't know how you guys do it. Nine to five, eight hours with this group. Then five o'clock rolls around. Some guy goes, hey, we should all get drinks. But he's not joining out more. We're done. We did it. We're outside the walls. Let's go home. That's not a happy hour. That's unpaid overtime. Yeah, we like being alone. We do. You ever got to eat with a guy? He's like, hey, look at that dude. It's sitting by himself. You're like, I know. Living the dream. Yeah. It's just a weird brain I got. Like, I want you guys to like me, but I'm scared of you. You bum me out, but I need your love. Basically, I'm saying, if you have a party, I don't want to go. But if you don't invite me, I'll kill myself. This is where I'm at. Up here. Yeah. And if you don't get these jokes, just know your life is better than mine. I know what you guys are thinking. Come on, Mark. Introvert. Talking about 400 people right now. Well, it's pretty simple. This is a one-sided conversation that's been prewritten or rehearsed over and over. And if you guys talk, you get thrown out. I can't lose. You guys are the real heroes. You guys want to just walk in your office break room. Just be popping and scat and knock the cuff. No net. You know? You walk in and like, hey, Bob, how was your weekend? I'm like, oh, that was good. How did you know to say that? Holy hell. Which I get improv clash. You're like, Miles Davis over here. Holy moly. Wow. Not me. I got to prep everything. Everything's prepped. I see the break room 20 feet away. I'm like, right, how you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? Then I get in there and I panic. I go, uh, juice. Ah, fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, fuck. Damn it. Ah, man. I've always been like this and thank God for humor. Jesus Christ. You can get away with it. I remember one time I was at a friend's house for dinner and the dad goes, let's all go around the table and say we're thankful for. And one son was like, well, we're thinking of the food in the table. And one son was like, well, we're thinking of the roof over her head. And they're like, but what do you think before Mark? I was like, well, honestly, I'm thankful. I'm not attracted to kids. What in that suck? Be a horrible life, you know? And everybody there was like, whoa, what the hell is that? Holy Jesus. Good Lord. And I didn't get us like, wait, why are you mad? I'm saying I'm not attracted. Not attracted. Not into them. What's the problem? Like I piss. I was like, screw you guys. I'm the only one here clearly not a pedophile. I don't know. I think, uh, you know, you can't be yourself all the time. That's the problem. Especially like with girls and stuff. That gets ugly. All right. Well, you say what you're thinking with a lady that'll put that right to bed, you know? Yeah. Like, I remember one time I was on a date with a girl going pretty well, went back to her place. I take out a condom. She goes, whoa, whoa, whoa. Where'd you get that thing? I was like, well, they were free at the bar. She was like, ugh, that's gross. I was like, well, that's where I got you. The girl at the bar? I got to go. I don't know why that's... I'm still not sure why that's offensive. Yeah. I always bring your own condom, so I don't want the girl provided. Yeah. One time I was hooked up with a girl, she goes, hey, you've a condom. I said, I forgot. She goes, I might have one. Starts digging through her stuff. She finds one. Magnum. Oh. Damn it. This went from a good time to a challenge. I was like, all right, well, let's give it a whirl. Why not? So she ripped it open. She rolled it on and it fit. It fit. I got to tell you people. That is a man's version of Cinderella right there. Yeah. Oh. I was bell of the balls. Yes. Oh, that's great. I mean, it fit, but it fit like a sweater on an interrequisite girl. But it fit. God damn it. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of dating sites out there now. I think guys like the dating sites because it's tough to approach a woman. Cold. I don't know where, especially when you're doing this. Yeah. Tough. It's a tough move. So I feel like women, she hit on men more. Head on us, ladies. You can say whatever you want to a guy. I had an older lady approach to me once. She goes, ooh, I'm going to kidnap you. I was like, wow, I could never say that to a woman. Oh. I said that to a lady. She calls the police. I would be curious to know what a woman could say that would offend me. Like, all right, I'm going to take you home, drug you, take advantage of you, and film it. I'd be like, all right, well, at least let me pay for the Uber. I don't know. I'm just jealous of you, gals, you know? You have options. You have the freedom to say no. Like, if a girl goes on a date with a guy, and this guy takes out his Nazi memorabilia, she's like, I get the hell out of here. If I go on a date with a girl, and she takes out her Nazi memorabilia, I'm like, I got to bang her and get the hell out of here. It could be a long winner. You got to stock up, you know? You ladies just so sexy and driving crazy. You're so hot. You just want to squeeze it. You're so sexy with your wacky labia. I love it. Ah! This is how sexy girls are. I was up dinner once. This girl leans over during the meal and goes, hey, I'm not wearing any underwear. Oh my god, that's hot. Then I realize, why is that sexy? Has underwear ever been a huge obstacle for a guy? Has any guy ever taken a girl's jeans off, seen panties? They've been like, woo! It's gonna be a long night. Put a pot of coffee on. I can't crack that code. But that's how hot you are, gals. You can tell my article of clothing you're not wearing. I can't even see it missing. I'm already turned on. That doesn't work for a guy. I can't pull that off. I lean over during dinner. Hey. I'm not wearing any underwear. She's gonna go, uh-oh. What happened? Laundry day, diarrhea, need a wet wipe? Talk to me. I don't know. It's just tough to date now. You know, we have no patience anymore. We want everything immediately now. We have everything quick. We want Uber, Tinder, Netflix. Everything's so quick now. We don't want a quick at sex. What is that gonna catch up? I was with a girl the other night. I finished kind of early. She was like, hey, what's going on here? I was like, well, these are the times we're living in. Come on. I don't know the patience. We've had a giant to be buffering. Let's go! You're an analog girl in the digital world. Is this their pickin' up? Yeah. Yeah, everything's different now. You know? Like, uh, one time I sat down with a girl, she goes, just better. She goes, you don't send dick pics to you. I was like, no, no. She's like, good. Dicks are gross. I was like, well, shit. That's all I got. That was gonna be like my big reveal. What the hell are you doing here? You're like, dick. You hear that a lot of girls, dicks are gross, dicks are gross. It's weird to think something's gross that eventually put inside you. I don't get that thought process. I think coconut's gross. You see me eating one. You're like, what are you doing? I'm not like, it was charming. I'm not, I don't know, a real dick pic kind of guy. You know, I don't know if my dick is impressive enough to register well on a phone. You know? My dick's like an indie band. You gotta see it live. You gotta be in the room to really understand it. Well, I was in a relationship for like 11 years. Yeah, now I'm out there scared alone. Flass it. Yeah. I'd learn all the tricks of the trade again. I learn everything in the hard way, you know? It's tough. Yeah. Like, I learned that girls, they don't like it when the guy says the word sex on a date. It's like saying bomb at the airport. The whole thing shuts down, right? We're all like sex. It feels like we can't bring it up. The only way to get the thing you want is to pretend like you don't want it. That's weird behavior. What if job interviews were like that? So Mark, why do you want to work here? Who says I want to work here? I'm just hanging out, taking it easy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was on a date once. I was like, I'm just going to go for it. I go, hey, you want to make out? This girl goes, uh, grow up. I was like, okay. Anel. That's older, right? Yeah. Yeah, I learned the hard way too. The girls like when a guy is a plan ready for the day. He's got some planned out. Which, how did guys get stuck with that chore? Right? I had a girl ask me at once. We show up, we meet. She's like, hey, what are we doing? I'm like, I don't know what we doing. She's like, didn't plan anything. I'm like, no, did you? She's like, no. I'm like, well, then you're just as worthless as me. Why do I have to figure it out? I believe in equal rights. Can we work on this together? And she was like, well, it's very manly when a guy plans a date. No, it's not. Just convenient for you. How's that manly chopping wood as manly, wrestling a bear as manly? Is nothing manly about googling top-buss and beastroes? Come on, ladies. You got the right to vote in 1920. Let's use that on restaurants, huh? I don't know where to go, because I have a dick. I'm a zaggot. Help me out. What the hell? Manly. Come on. I've noticed women only call things manly when they like it about a guy. Oh, he pays for dinner, he protects me. It's never like, oh, he wants to bang my friends going bald. He's so manly. Ah! It's manly too. What's the credit for that? Yeah. Ah, yeah. Tough to figure out what to do. One time in a girl we couldn't figure out anything to do, we went people watching. That's a very New York thing, huh? People watching? Should we call it what it really is? We're just people judging, isn't it? I've never been bird watching. I mean, like, ooh, I wonder if that sparrow knows he's gay. Ah! Ah! That's not a sparrow, that's a swallow. But hey, it's got to be tough to date as a woman. I can't even imagine what that's like dating dudes. God, that's got to be awfully. You get murdered. Kind of a soul patch. Oh, yeah, God. Crazy. Yeah. It's got to be tough. But all the women can say stuff men can never say, you know? Yeah, like, one time I was eating dinner with a girl, I was telling a story. She cut me off mid-story. She goes, you want a like-a-guy? Like a strong silent type. I was like, what? Did you imagine if a guy said that? What do you look for in a woman? Silence. I like a woman who's tough and shuts the hell up. You kicked out of society. I don't know. Maybe it's me. Maybe I'm screwed up sexually, you know? I caught my parents having sex when I was eight, 21, and today. Ah, yeah. Ah, the idea of your parents having sex is so horrifying, isn't it, you know? That's why I'm surprised parents will use that as a threat. Hey. Wouldn't that be so effective? Like, hey, Timmy, you better clean that room. We're gonna go at it. Hey, what's that math, does Billy? I got a D. I'll show you some D. Alright, ah! Yeah, it's tough out there. I'm seeing somebody now, but boy, single life, yeah. That's the real deal, you know? People are so kind of sending to single people. They go at your single, aww. Don't you get lonely? Like, well, sure, but how come we always assume loneliness is worse than a relationship? I feel like loneliness is a lot of these other managed, definitely these things get out of. You get lonely, call a friend, go to a movie. If you're in a barrel of shit, you're like, well, I guess I got a killer. Or him, or him. My ex, she was tough. My ex was like a real big feminist. I'm a feminist, but she was like, annoying. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She would always say stuff like, men just judge women by their looks, it's all about her looks. What about her achievements? Which is true, men do do that, but ladies, you do it too, we all judge women. Alright. Alright, like, one time she got me flirted another girl, and she was like, what does she look like? That was the first question. I was like, whoa! What about her achievements? Ha, ha, ha. She's a human being, goddammit. When you're single though, you miss love, it's nice to have love, it's nice to have someone love you. That's nice. But that's the thing. We all want the love, but nobody wants to do the work. It's just what the love part, yeah. It's kind of like a dog walker. We all have our dog, but you pace my do the stuff you don't want to do. Pick up the poop, walk it. Wouldn't be great to have a girlfriend walker. Just some guy on the sidewalk with eight girlfriends on a leash, like, alright. Tell me about your day. Yeah. Get mad about a dream you had. Ask me some hypothetical about you getting late. Cry now, cry now. Then you get your girlfriend back, like, did she cry? Took a while, was she crying? Yeah. Ah, yeah. A lot of women hate that joke, which is how you know it's real. I don't know. Maybe I'm just being bitter. My last girlfriend dumped me, said I wasn't manly enough for her, not a manly guy. That one hurt. I know, we're allowed to say stuff like that. Like, how come a woman can say something like, yeah, like I was good with his hands, you can fix stuff around the house. And you're like, alright, cool. But if a guy says, hey, I like a woman can cook, people go, whoa, whoa, it's not the 50s. Well, how come her job for me is okay? My job for her is not okay. Also, who doesn't like somebody can fix stuff around the house? I'd let her come home, my girl, and I was like, hey, I built the deck. Alright, hell yeah, I'll do laundry. So I think women are just so smart, because you guys made your gender roles offensive. Yeah, that was very clever. Well played, ladies, well played. Guys, how great would that be if we get offended? A girlfriend makes you a 4am or a glass shattering. Somebody break hand, you're like, well, it's not the 50s. Go check it out. Yeah. I will say this, I'm sick of good looking people. I'm done with you. Men and women, you think everything you say is interesting. You've never had it tough, you know. I want to date with a girl once, she was gorgeous. We had her my league, beautiful woman. But she had nothing to say, she was boring, she had no personality. And I checked out at one point, she goes, look, I can tight all like me, she just want to sleep with me. And I was like, well, yeah, but that's your fault. And she was like, screw you, I'm more into pretty face, I'm like, yeah, but that's all you worked on. Right, hours on your hair, makeup, outfit, get a goddamn knock knock joke together. I don't get these good looking people, they spend 100% of their time on a look, zero on their personality. You just assume that part's amazing. Why would you work on that too? All right, before a date, everybody goes, how do I look? Don't ever go, is it am I annoying? Isn't that more important? You know, like, that's what you got to worry about. I don't know how to hot guy. Before a date, I'm writing jokes in my hand, Librix, Anik Doats. I'm bringing it, baby, I'm tap dancing out there, yeah. Hey, yeah. Come on, I'm working it. Labor girls don't mean Mark, you're funny, but you're not that hot, I'd be like, I know. That's why I'm funny. I'm gonna fill in the gaps here, you know what? I'm not one of these guys just full of shit, like, hey, it looks don't matter, it's all about the inside that counts us. Shut up, come on. We all would be found to track, we all would be with something, we find a track, but I hate people lie about that. I was at a party once, I was like, I got that, Caitlin Jenner, she's kind of weird looking, some girl goes, hey, she's beautiful, and I was like, well, you kind of look like her, and she was like, fuck you. So, what's one is it, you know? Yeah, X-Girlfriend was Jewish, big old Jew, yeah, yeah. We dated for a while, just found out my X-Girlfriend's getting breast implants, that blew my mind. I use the term breast implants, I don't like the term fake breasts, doesn't make sense to make. The breast is real, it's just the shit inside that's fake. The breast is still real, it's kind of like the Bible. The book is real, it's just the shit inside that's fake. Look, there's some letter, letter book. Boy, the Bible, what a buzzkill, huh? Yeah, they don't like anything fun, they hate gay, they hate trans. That's gonna be great when doing stuff so sexually advanced, I'm in the Bible. You know, like, I love having sex with my robot, the guys like, alright, you're good. Maybe I'll try it, Jesus Christ. I know some people get mad when you make fun of their religion, you know, which I never got. If you believe it, just believe it, what's about what I say? I believe in gravity, so I'm like, hey, gravity's not real, I'm feeling like, alright, good luck out there. I don't know, religion just feels silly, come on. Who needs God, we got Google, we're good. He writes back, just really falling off over the years. You know, like 60 years ago, rock and roll is considered the devil's music. Now there's Christian rock. Well, what the hell happened there? What, if we wait long enough, they just join in? What's next? 20 years from now? Hey, Christian gay porn. I can already see the first movie, come here son, Neil before me. I don't know, I don't mean to bash it, I just don't think people really believe. That's my theory, I don't think you're really by it. You know, we were brought up with it's tradition, I went to Catholic school, you know, but I don't think people really believe it. You're really believing the devil, it's a red guy with horns, pitchfork, waiting for you, you know. He's the most evil thing ever. We're too casual about it, we got food named after him. We got devil eggs. We got devil's food cake. We have a hockey team called the New Jersey Devils. You would never name a sports team after something actually real and evil. Never have like the Detroit ISIS coming at you. We're going to take you head off. Hey, Holocaust Panini. All right, right on the oven. Whoa, slavery soft sir. Don't get this world, get mixed to colors. That's actually real and evil. Yeah. The most evil thing ever, we're too casual about it. We say something like, hey, speak of the devil, here's Greg. Which comparing Greg, the most evil thing of all time, Willie Nilly, out of the blue. You would never have something real and evil. And never like, hey, speak of Jared Fogel, here's Greg. Like, what? No, I hate kids. No, no, I hate kids. I don't know, I think I'm just jealous of religious people. Must be nice. Must be comforting to really believe something, you know. That must be nice. I really tried religion. I really tried. I pray nothing happened. I talk to God, nothing happened. Zero results, zero. How is that acceptable? I feel like we let religion sligh because it's free. If you had to pay for religion once a month like Netflix, you'd be like, well, this shit isn't working. I'm going to try that agnostic network after this. Because at least that's free. Yeah, I'm sorry. Just throw my thoughts at you here, folks. I know. Weird. You guys are nice. Some crowds don't take it as well. I got called a douche bag at a show recently. That's a fun word, huh? Douche bag? Yeah, because the insult is more popular than the actual product. I don't know anyone who's ever used a douche, never seen one. What is like a ziploc? I have no idea. I feel bad for the guy who invented the thing. Some guy in the 1800s. I invented this thing for women's hygiene. We're all like, nice job, man. We're just going to use that to describe dudes and fedoras. I did some research on it. The douche bag is actually bad for women. It's not good for you. So apparently, I invented it kind of a douche. That's the thing. I'm getting older. I got to get it together. Getting older. Getting older is tough. Everything kind of starts falling apart when you get older. About a year ago, I got paranoid about losing my hair, started taking propitia. I could not get an erection. You remember, sir? Yeah, right. This girl I was dating at the time was like, hey, you got to get off those pills. I'd rather have an erection than hair. Which is nice to hear, but that only makes sense when you're dating somebody. It doesn't work in the beginning. Like, if I was a bald guy that hit on her at a bar, like, hey, can I buy you a drink? She's like, I'm good. I'm like, that. I have a boner. Yeah. Hair loss is scary, man. I don't have women to realize so much, guys. Think about that, you know? I was telling my friend, I'm like, I'm worried my hair is going to thin. My friend goes, I know what you're going through, buddy. I'm going gray. I was like, well, changing colors, a lot different than losing something. That'd be like, if I said, yeah, I went to the beach a day. Shark attack. I lost my leg. My friend's like, I feel you, man. Tan line. Yeah. Being an adult, it's tough. You can tell being an adult is hard just by the abbreviations we use. You know? When you're a teenager, it's like, LOL. Well, OMG, BRB. When you're a adult, you're like, shit. I got a DUI. I got on the DMV. The IRS is up my ass. I got a UTI. My IBS is kicking in. I might have an STD. Some kids like TMI. You're like, FU. Yeah, everything kind of changes when you get older. My brother had a kid. That's crazy. Everyone wants to play with the baby. Touch the baby. Hug the baby. I find babies fascinating. Because babies are the only thing that comes out of another person that strangers want to hold. You ever think about that? Anything else comes out of a human being or like, wow, this dinner party is over. But a baby we're all about. It's weird. We live in such a germophobic culture. A sneeze on a guy wants to kill you. But hey, have a giant monster. Good, good, good. Very interesting. Something to think about. You know? That's some perks to getting older though. I think older women are sexy. Anybody here been through menopause? Might be a younger crowd. I'm very eager when it comes to this stuff. You ladies really keep a lid on this shit. Like my aunt's going through menopause right now. She's bummed out. She's depressed. I thought that would be a good time. Mensrations over. Years of discomfort over. Come on. You graduated. Sisters. Time moved that tempo. You graduated. Sisters. Time moved that tempo on string of the side. Right. Why isn't that a party? Where's that Facebook invite? Hey, Amarie. Stop bleeding every month. All right. Everybody in the pool. All right. Yeah. All right. Yeah. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. There's too dark. And I'm just being myself here, folks. So people tell you to be yourself your whole life. That is the worst advice on the planet. Yourself sucks. Every time I'm in myself been fired, kicked in the balls, dumped, whatever. Don't ever be yourself. Yourself is gross and naughty. Self is the worst version of you. That's why whenever you walk in an elevator alone, there's no one else in there. You're like, ooh. I'm here by myself. I can be weird. Yeah. There's no one else in here. Yeah. All right. Then some other guy walks in. I got a bone herb and quafing. Ah, damn it. Yeah. You got to adapt. You got to go back to society, you know? And people tell you to be yourself with the worst times, too. Hey, you got a hot date tonight, Mark? Just be yourself. All right. You're sitting at dinner. Some girls like, so, Mark, what are you thinking about? I'm like, well, just thinking, you know. You rarely see any female pedophiles, which is probably for the best, because they can make their own kids. Just being me. The worst time. Hey, you got a job interview? Just be yourself. All right. You're in some office. Some guys going, so, Mark, what's your worst quality? Well, you know, I, uh, I always start masturbating when I'm already late for something. Huh. Wow. All right. Jesus Christ. Didn't see that one coming at all. Uh, quite a curveball there. Well, I got asked now, what's your best quality? Pretty fast, faster, better. I don't think we're gonna need you here at the Builder Bear. Thank you. All right. I like phony. Phony's underrated. Phony gets a bad rap, you know. Why is that like an insult? Like, I was a real phony. I love phony. Phony makes the world go round. Waiters? They don't care about you. They're being phony, and it's nice. The phony where they are, the more you tip. Nice hotel. Come on in, sir. We're so glad you came. I gotta give a rat's ass about you. He's being phony. We paid top dollar for phony. I don't want to strip who's authentic. Yeah. Getting a lap dance. I'm like, yeah, you like that. She's like, well, I'm just trying to get my kids back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Phony. Phony. Phony. Phony. I'm trying to do new stuff, trying to mix it up. I went to the Middle East. I performed for the troops. And I gotta tell you, that place sucks. I hate to sound like ugly American. It is rough over there. Holy hell. Very bleak. They're behind the times to say the least. They hate Jews. They hate Gays. They don't want women to drive. That one's not bad. I mean, it's rough. Rough over there. Holy moly. I was over there with a friend of mine, an openly gay comedian, very flamboyant guy. We almost got like 10 fist fights. Just walk around town. It's weird because the men over there hate Gays, but they also hold hands. So it's a weird thing for your brain to compute when you see it. You know, it's like, hey, get out of here, fat. I get to come on, Tom. You're gonna have both of those? Pick a thing. Yeah. Yeah. I got real bummed out. It was over there too long, man. I got so homesick that why not I googled the bald eagle? Yeah. True story. Fun fact. In the most common way, the bald eagle dies. It gets hit by a train. Weird, right? Swoopstowny dead carcass on the train track. It's so full, it can't fly away, and a train hits it. Yeah. What's more American than that? We've all been there. Hi. I'm like, hey, go to buffet, eat too much. You're like, ah, just fucking kill me. Yeah. They put all the performers up in this little condo and a little desert. It felt so unsafe, so nervous. I had no lock on my door. All I was a chain lock. Who feels safe with a chain lock? I hate the chain lock. I don't even get to lodge by in a chain lock. Like, yeah, I want to keep criminals out, but I also want to tease them. Give them a couple inches and tie some of that, you know? The chain lock seems more like a prank than a safety feature, yeah? Like the bad guy's the thing, hey, I think this guy left his door locked. Ah, what a rascal. Yeah. I hate to throw around the F-bomb any gay guys here tonight? Hey, all right. Yes. Thanks for coming out, literally. Yeah, all right. Love a good gay. My roommate's gay, that's fun. I like having a gay roommate. He's gay, I'm broke. I feel like poor people in gay people are a lot in common, you know? All right, both born that way. Yeah, women just want to be our friends. And when you finally tell your parents they're like, yeah, we knew. I went to the gay pride parade a couple weeks ago, still sore. Had a good time, yeah. They had the homophobic guys out there with the big signs, you know? How much you have to hate a group to make a sign? I'm never going to sign my whole life, huh? I feel bad, these people are more prejudiced and I am productive. And the marker is the poster board. I don't get a tactic for fighting gays as arts and crafts. Ironically, the group you hate the most really possess up that poster. Every sign, too, God hates fags. God hates fags. Like, really, that's all you got. God hates fags. That's not threatening. Who's scared of God? I'd be more scared of a sign said Bill hates fags. Like, shit, it's Bill here. That Bill. That Bill. That Bill. That Bill. Ah, that Bill. Bill's real. Yeah. Yeah. One creative guy, he'd assigned, he was against gays adopting kids. What a weird thing to be against. I like seeing a gay couple of the kids. You see a gay couple of the kid, he knows no way that kid was an accident. No gay couple could ever get that fucked up. Like, holy shit, what happened last night? Did we rob an orphanage? Jesus Christ. Holy hell. We got to lay off the mojitos. Woo. Yeah. Give gay couples kids. You know, he shouldn't have kids. Poor people. Why is that allowed? That's a terrible idea, right? My parents are poor, I'm a comedian. Red flag. So weird about kids in this country. You're gonna have a baby at 14. You gotta be 25 to run a car. 25 in a credit card. If a kid I need is a bone or in a commercial break. That's it. That's ridiculous. Hey man, I'm 24. Can I run a car? Now you gotta be 25. Yeah, but I have two jobs and three kids. Yeah, but a key of Cerento. That's a big responsibility, all right? Toshay, Abyss. Yeah. Oh man. I just got an email from a gay guy with a crush on me. Gorgeous gay man. Smoking hot. What a bummer I'm not gay. This guy is a 10, all right? A hot gay guy with a crush on you. It's kind of like finding a million pesos. And now you're like, oh man, I can't do much about this now. What if I ever crossed that line? I'll be set. Yeah. Yeah. We've come a long way with the gays. I have like a full 180 with gay people. Now you get as much throw being homophobic as you get gay 60 years ago. Now I was like, hey, mom, I'm gay. She's like, good for you. You're like, hey, mom, I'm homophobic. She's like, don't tell anybody. It's all flipped. It makes you wonder, where are the kids going to say now on the playground? Middle school. When I was a kid, gay was the number one insult. Where are these kids going to say, yeah? It's all different now. And now it's going to be like, look at Bill. Woo! He runs, like an unbelievable same sex marriage. Oh man, how about Bob? He's never blown a guy. What a pussy. Sometimes I wish I was gay, you know? I got fired from my last job for sexual harassment. I told a woman she had nice legs. They fired me. Which pissed me off because my gay friends were working with murder. The big, hey, Shelley, how are you? Huh, huh. What? Why is that okay? They're like, well, she's not attracted to women. I was like, so what? I'm not attracted to kids. I can't go to a playground. Hey, Timmy, yeah. I don't get stuff like that, you know? Like, you're a woman. Wouldn't you rather be complimented by a group that's into you? I don't care if a lesbian compliments me. Nothing gets lesbian, but that didn't help me out. Yeah? Have a lesbian's like, hey, Mark, like a haircut. I'm like, I know, you have the same one. I don't know, help me at all. Yeah. So when I was at the gay pride parade, you know? I went with a friend. Notice guy, 12 years, I had no idea what's gay. Blume my mind. He decided to come out of the closet at the parade. I had no idea what's gay. And when your friend comes out of the closet, the first thing you think is holy hell. How many gay jokes have I made around this guy? It's been 12 years, you know? That's a lot of jokes. And I had a guy in the crowd get mad and goes, what do you make gay jokes? What do you hate? Gays? I was like, no, you idiot. I just make fun of who's not around. I'm not prejudice, I'm a coward. Don't we all do that? When you wear the friend's belly, make fun of Jeff. When you're friend Jeff, you make fun of Bill. I don't hate them. They just weren't there. That's all right. People up calling you out of that. What do you make fun of black people? What do you racist? No. I don't see any. Right? I wish I didn't see you. Yeah. Brutal. Times were living. I feel like we're so quick to call everybody racist, homophobic, misogynist. You know? We're at race and we throw that around willy nilly. I was at a party once. I was like, that last name, that's Korean, right? Some guy goes, it's Chinese, you racist. I was like, well, I just got it wrong. I don't hate them. We don't do that with other stuff. What are those tulips? They're lilacs. You bought in the son of a bitch. All right. My eye on you. I love flowers. I have some. Yeah. Right? You can just say a race now and people get upset. There's no context anymore. I was at a show once, throwing a story. I was like, yeah, a friend of mine, black guy. Somebody actually yelled out, hey, why does he have to be black? Well, mostly his fucking parents. Ah. Pretty sure it's hereditary. Yeah. I don't get why we're so sensitive about certain groups and cultures. You know, like you can't make generalizations anymore. That's out. You know, but certain groups have different qualities, different traits. This is how we are. That's the fun part, you know. I made a hacky joke once about Mexicans and landscaping. This guy in the back goes, hey, not all of them. You're generalizing, buddy. Not all of them. All right. Fair enough. But how come they never do that on a positive generalization? They go, hey, Mexicans are very resilient people. And then we go, hey, not all of them. You're generalizing, buddy. You can do it with dogs. No one gets mad about that. You can go, hey, Chihuahua is shed less than gold or a treevers. I was like, yes, that's true. But if you say Italians, punch more women than Asians, they're like, oh, why are you mad at me? I'm just going off Google. I didn't do it. What did I do? Yeah. Man. Seems like the only grouping and make fun of now openly in public is children. That's it. You can say whatever the hell you want about kids. You're like, oh, I hate kids. Don't bring kids around. No kids allowed. I've killed a few. Yeah, I hate kids. Yeah. Say whatever you want about kids. Imagine a show called Juice of the Darnest Things. Right? That would never fly. It would be a great show though. Wouldn't it? How are you doing, Shlomo? We are chosen. Great show. Yeah. I guess you're allowed to make fun of kids because we all work kids at one point. That makes it easier. And I can't be like, hey, screw you. I was Mexican for 18 years. All right. Yeah. Get out of my hair. And I believe in equality and all that stuff. I just make jokes. What happened to jokes? I believe women should be paid the same as men, I do. I used to work at this office job one day. I walked in and swam was crying or eyes out. She's like, I saw the paychecks. I want to be treated like a man. I was like, well, you want to be paid like a man. You want to be treated like a man. We don't treat each other well. If you were treated like a man, some guy would walk in and see a crying. Be like, hey, suck it up, bitch. What are you doing? Oh my god. This Christ. Ray Chelsapasi. Ray Chelsapasi. It's like a man. What are you even saying? How we made him? How are you, vagina flick? That's what dudes are doing. What are you nuts? We'd have to get rid of sexual harassment laws open the door for titty twisters, credit cards, white, bang, grenade, bedding. Come on, ladies, you guys want to move furniture and kill spiders? Get out of here, right? And why would you? I don't either. We're very hung up on treating all the groups the same, but the differences of the fun part. We should embrace that. We do that with black people and white people all the time. You hear that a lot. You know, you should always treat black people and white people the same. No, you shouldn't. We should have the same rights. We shouldn't always be treated the same. That'll be insensitive. We all have different shit going on. Like, if I see a black guy, I love Jorion, his hat matches shoes. I'm like, hey, cool guy. If I see a white guy, I love Jorion, his hat matches shoes. I'm like, hey, he's gay. Differences. Differences. If I'm dry around my white friend and we get pulled over, I'm like, here's my insurance. If I'm dry around my black friend and we get pulled over, I'm like, I'll do talking. Thank you. It's true. If I see a white guy called a black guy at the end word, I'm like, well, it's going to get ugly. If a black guy calls me the end word, I'm over the goddamn moon. What a great feeling. Come on. Yeah. It bums me out. We're at a time now where you just mention a race and people get angry. It's like, well, why did you bring go to a bad place? It's never a good place. Like, I was at a show once. I was telling a joke. I was like, yeah, Jorion, a black guy at a Mexican walk-in-o-bar. It's guy goes, hey, hey, hey, I was like, screw you. Look at that diversity. These guys are hanging out. It's a hell of a bar. Beautiful thing. Never the good. But I'm so offended. Why is everybody so offended? What is that? That's the adult version saying, I'm telling. Oh, God. Gotta be very PC now. Those PC words. I'm all about progress. But why does adding syllables toward make it less offensive? You know? You used to be stupid and now it's learned disabled. You used to be retarded. Now it's mentally gay or whatever. I can't keep up with the PC, you know? It's all just a gesture. None of it means anything. Like, some PC I like, like Native American. That's good. He's not from India. Why are we calling it Indian? Native American. Great. I'll say that. Like, African American, I feel weird saying. I'm the African American friends. I have black friends. I have Caucasian friends. I have relatives. None of it adds up. We're all the African Canadians. Why don't we say that? Black people aren't in Canada every day. We don't know what the hell we're saying anymore. We're like, eat yourself. It was an amazing African American actor. Well, he's British. What the hell are we doing? It's just white people. We're nervous. We don't know what to say. We're scared. We don't want to get fired. We don't want to offend. You could corner a white guy on the sidewalk now with a microphone and a video camera. Like, what color is Ray Charles? He'd be like, uh, he's blind. What's his ethnicity? Pen-up-layer. What color is his skin? What color is his skin? What color is his skin? What color is his skin? What color is his skin? I got kids, man. Leave me alone. We're terrified. It's coming to my home now. I'm watching this coverage channel. Hey, it's a great white shark. Media-over-white. We're not long-great. I'm sorry. Oh, my God. It's bananas. It's out of control. I just don't get it. Why are we so obsessed with skin color? Why is skin the one part of the body you can't judge by color? They go, hey, yellow teeth. Gross. Redhead. Gross. Everything's judged by color. He's a black belt. He's blue collar. He's red state. He's got pink eye. All color. Why is skin so important? I think it's because you can't change skin color. You know, you can change your hair color trip to CBS. Hey, girlfriend comes on blonde one day. You're like, hey, look at that. You're girlfriend comes on black. You're like, what the hell happened? You can even change genders now. That's cool. Get surgery, take pills. Caitlin Jenner. What a hero. What was that chick? How much she was black? Rachel Dolezal? Yeah. Nice try, bitch. Come on. We all want to be black. Get in line, why'd he? All right. I can't just go black in your 30s. Get all the hard stuff. Too convenient. I can't just step over a press and be like, all right. I'll take that bigger dick. All right. You got to take the good with the bad, you know? I don't know. You still get, how do you hate a whole group? How do you hate a whole group? I don't get that. I hate specifics about people. You know, like people who drink rock star believe in ghosts and say, it is what it is. That's why I hate you. But racism is alive and well, man. I was just down in a Knoxville, Tennessee. You guys have been there? What a shit hole. Holy hell. They are 30 years behind over there. You have to go to a town so small, they're still racist towards certain white people. You know? They're like, hey, watch out over there. That's what the dirty Irish live. I was like, Jesus Christ. You guys haven't made it to black people yet? My God, you're far behind. I live in New York for past Arabs. Let's go. Pick it up. Come on. Yeah. And I'm from the South, too. So I've seen it all. South is a weird reputation. We're known for being racist and hospitable. It's a weird combo, huh? It's like every white guy sitting around in the South going, oh crap. A couple of black guys moved in the neighborhood. I got to make a pound cake. Yeah. Yeah. Very risky to make jokes now, very risky to be raped. Being racist now, very risky. You lose your job, get ostracized from society, make headlines. That's why if anyone's ever racist around you now, you know they trust you. It's kind of this weird, bitter, sweet moment, you know? You want to smoke break with somebody? He's like, oh man, I can't stand Mexicans. You're like, holy hell, you're full of hate. You're like, what's going on? You're like, what's going on? You're like, what's going on? You're like, what's going on? You're like, what's going on? You're like, what's going on? You're like, what's going on? You're like, holy hell, you're full of hate, but I didn't know we were so close. Just Christ. I feel like race and then smoke are a lot of like, you know? Like in the 50's everybody did it. Now we know it's bad. We're trying to cut back. But some people just can't quit. We should treat races the way we treat smokers. Now you're your day job. Some guys about to tell a racist joke are like, hey, take that shit outside, huh? Just a bunch of guys out in the cold. Oh God damn Jews. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I don't think those races break. I get cranky. Yeah. And they go to restaurants. How you folks doing? You want the racist section or non-racist? Well, we've had a few drinks. Better go racists. All right. Well, it's your funeral. The kitchen is heavily Hispanic. I saw a thing on the news yesterday about neo-Nazis. Yeah, neo-Nazis. What a crazy concept. Neo-Nazi. Do you really need the neo? You got Nazi in there. I think you're cool. All right. Also, we can do the math. You're 22. I know you're not like an OG Nazi. Yeah. Yeah. Also, you're a hate group. You're really a new hip name. Other hate groups don't do that. Hey, we're not the KKK anymore. We're KQ. Things are changing around here, baby. New sheets are great. Yeah. That's what we're at now. Everything's tense. White privilege. That's the term you hear a lot now. White privilege. I was at a grocery store with a friend of mine. Black guy. I stole a candy bar. I love to steal. I get a real rush from stealing. Yeah. I love stealing. What do you call that when you like to steal? What's the word for that? Klepto. Yes. What's the one we have sex with dead bodies? Necrophilia. Yes. I'm that too. Say, yeah. So, yeah. I steal the candy bar. I get outside. I'm all proud of myself. My friend goes, ah, white privilege. White privilege. I was like, ah, no. This was a robbery. If I had gotten caught, then got in a way with it. That would be white privilege. This is me being amazing thief. And he was like, nah, nah. It's white privilege because he got in and filed a story. He followed me around the store. And I was like, yeah, that's why I brought you. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Man. This wasn't diversity. This was a diversion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Yeah. Yeah. That was a diversion. Yeah. Yeah. But, you know, we got to keep up with the lingo. PC. The whole PC thing just feels very phony to me. It feels bullshit. Like, you can tell PC's kind of bullshit because you never use those words in emergency. It's too many syllables. People are heard. You got to help them. You don't have time to be progressive. You got to save some lives. Like, if you see a Chinese guy, get in a car accident. Run over a black guy. You can't be like, oh, my God. Officer, come quick. It's been a terrible tragedy. and Asian American man got no car accident. Knockers are bad drivers. And he ran over an African American gentleman who's crossed the street slowly. Knockers, they do that. And you gotta come quick. The guy's really hurt. He's drowning in a pool of his own blood. Knockers, they can't swim. All right. Now the guy's dead. You killed him. Thanks a lot. That's Mark Thorvin. Thanks for coming out. I really appreciate it. Thank you. Come. So easy. you
NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG NG
Let's meet, let's all greet the Europeanrium, Philip's support, not Vanity, but Vanity Rock, Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you for coming out here. OK. OK. All right. OK, I didn't cure anything. Jeez, Christ. Look at the lifetime achievement award out here. I have been on the road for the last five months. I don't know, man. I just really think in the worst of people. Really, you see some of the animals. Some of the animals I see. Like, I was in the airport the other day, right? I'm sitting there waiting for my flight, just hating my life. And watching this lady, she's eating egg-mock muffins, like plural. And it just threw three of them right down to the front, like a pelican, just like right down to a pellet. And when she was done, she wiped her face with the bag. With the bag. It's not even like a gentleman. Like, no, I'll just do the car. I'll just do the car. She just got a straight razor shave. That absolute animal. I saw this other dude. He was so out of shape. He was trying to itch his back, and he couldn't reach it. So he walked up to a support pole that was holding up an entire floor of the airport, and just walks up, and he just starts like robbing up against it. Like a grizzly bear. Just sit there. Just a fucking animal. Dude, I am so pro-swine-flu. It's like ridiculous. I want it. We need a plague. I'm telling you, we need a plague. It's got to happen. Don't be afraid. It's only going to kill the weak. There is a piranha sweater. Take some vitamins. You've got to be fine. You've got to let modern nature do a thing, man. She keeps trying to help us out, and we won't let her do it. She keeps trying to thin the herm every single time. I'm like, oh, good job to get your vaccination. Why? Why? So Egg McMuffin lady can breed with the back fat guy. You know? It's got to happen. You've got to let it do it. Seriously, plague, it's like nature's forest fire. Just let it burn out all the deadwood. Ah, I swear to God. We're the only species that saves the weak. We barely have lions though, do that shit. You know, lion gets a little thorn in his paw, and everybody says, oh, it's a champion intervention. Are you feeling it? Is everything all right? You need some tennis sewing? And it's like, fuck them. That's why there's no traffic on the siren getting. Not about your lions just standing there and griddling. But the fuck is going on up there? Dude, go, just fucking go. Our lady, you get up there, there's some hyena looking at his balls. Like, oh, that was a big holster, right? Like, you never saw that before. Oh, my old maid, slow down and look at it. So I got a girlfriend, man. I watch a lot of TV with her. I just annoy the hell out of her. She loves watching the Oprah Winfrey show. And I love watching her watch the Oprah Winfrey show. And I wait for Oprah to say something stupid. In the second she does, I just take it out of my girl because I'm an asshole. That's what I do. No, we're watching it the other day. Oprah's on there. She's interviewing some client. And she's giving her this big ridiculous intro. Like, she's done this. She's done that. She's done this. And she does the most difficult job on the planet. She's the mother and continues on it. Immediately, I just took out my girlfriend. Like, really? Being a mother is the most difficult job on the planet. Oh, yeah, all those mothers who die every year from black lung, from inhaling, all that cold dust. The women are just constantly patting themselves on the back about how difficult their lives are and no one corrects them because they want to fuck them. That's what it is. So there's just this tornado of like misinformation. They're in about difficult job on the planet. What would you rather be doing? Drilling to the center of the earth, shaking hands with the devil. Every time there's a rumble in the ground, you wait for the whole thing to collapse down on top of you. So they get right that folk song about you. You know, would you rather be up in the sunshine, running around with a couple of toddlers that you can send to bed anytime you want as some sort of trumped up charges? Right? Because you want to have a drink and watch the prices, right? You know what I mean? I couldn't believe it. It's a no difficult job on the planet. Oh, yeah. I thought roofing in the middle of July is a red hen. I thought that that was the problem. But these mothers are bending over at the ways putting DVDs into DVD players. I don't know how they do it. I don't know how they do it. Dude, any job that you can do in your pajamas is not a difficult job. All right? Get ready. There's question. 35 years old playing high and ghost sake, you live in the dream. You live in the dream. No time card, no taxes. You're off the fucking grid. I think it's possible stick houses. I mean, I'm in a difficult job on the planet. Oprah's not even a mother. How the fuck would you know? I'm believing it. I'm believing it. Brandon neither am I. But I think it kind of balances itself out. I don't know. I'm so full of shit. I really, I really realize that about myself. I mean, that's one thing about getting old. You just really how full of shit you are. You know, people ask you a question. You just start answering them. You know, get to that point. You're just watching the shit coming out of your mouth. I'm like, whoa, whoa. People sitting there listening, taking notes. Yeah. It's like I've flunked everything in high school. Why would you listen to me? You know, you know? It's having lunch with this girl the other day, right? I'm in a little lunch. She looked across the table for me and she goes, this is going to seem oddly racist. And I was like, all right, this is going to be awesome. 41 years old, never heard a conversation. You started this way. Let's have a big, let's see what you got. She's just like, there are a lot of Asians in this restaurant. Like, that's not racist. That's an observation. There are a lot of Asians in this restaurant. However, if you want to say, what the fuck are all these fucking Asians doing? This goddamn restaurant. Now that would seem oddly racist. But you still haven't said anything bad about Asians. But you definitely seem to have a problem with them being in the restaurant, which is odd. That's odd because I've never heard any bad stereotypes about Asians in restaurants. You know what I mean? Like, dude, they come in. They're taking up all the tables. You know, just being all Asian. What do you hear? You all hear it was about that driving, right? And even that one's bullshit. It's not that they suck. There's no happy medium. You know? See the Tokyo drift 90 miles an hour driving sideways, parallel parking, and break dancing into the club. All right? Like, Jesus Christ, is that guy from the future? How does one man possess all of that talent? Oh, they just stop it in an intersection. Yeah. They don't even get mad. They don't even get mad. Like, I know I suck. I don't know what it is. It's like, it's boring. It's almost like it's so simple. I just start daydreaming and I don't. I don't know. I find a lot of that racial stuff like fascinating. You know, like the different rules of like, who gets in trouble, who doesn't? Like, I've noticed black people have the genius to put the curse word after they say the race of the person. We're white dudes. We always put it in front. And if we would just make that little adjustment, we could save so many careers. So many jobs could be saved in the white community if we would just put it after. You never noticed that in conversation here, Black Heavy. You're like, man, I was standing in his age and my fucking came in. He starts talking about, you don't even hear it. You just sit there all. What did this Asian mom fucking do? I would love to hear the rest of this story, right? Dude, I would tell the exact same story. I'm standing there, right? This fucking Asian come to it, right? Everybody thought, I go, hey, easy, easy, easy. What year is it, you know? It's like, dude, I just said what he said. I just preempted the fuck. That's all I think. He suggested he's hooking up with people's mothers. I'm not even doing that. I got it out of the way. I got it out of the way. It's just how I talk. This fucking guy came in. This is fucking Asian. Dude, you wearing sandals? Jesus Christ. Oh my God, sandals, but... Middle of December. Yeah, fuck it. You want to lose people? Man, my feet don't get cold. Man, I'm getting cold. You know what I'm saying? I want guy big ski parker in shorts. Man, my leg, my leg don't get cold. Legs don't get cold. That's like his only hope of hooking up with somebody. Like, maybe that's interesting to mate with. Now, make a strong baby. His legs don't get cold. I don't know what it is. Plenty of blood for the organs. That ain't nothing to do with you. They had to do with me being on the road for four months. That's all it is. I love this city, man. This is one of my favorite cities to come out to, man. I really do. I like it. You know what? I ain't got enough, there's nothing weirdos here. These... Look at all that like, you know, there's enough mom and pop sort of independent run stores. That's a big thing with me. Like, when I go on the road, like, I can't, you know, I can't do these chains anymore. You know, I just can't... You know what I'm pressing in is to go to a town and see like another... Just horde of fat people stumbling. I don't like a cheesecake factory. You know? Oh, they're horrific. Just pressing their face up against the glass. Man, I put cookies in that one, you know. It's like they're inventing ways to get extra fat, you know? You know what I like? You know what I hate about these, these corporate chains? You go in there. You're paying for a business. They make you like, do half the job now. I don't get it. Like, I walk in. And let me get a turkey sandwich. Let us tomato on rye with mayonnaise. The guy behind the counter is like, oh, a turkey sandwich. Let us tomato on rye. Yeah, and mayonnaise. Oh, the mayonnaise is, uh, it's right over there. Really? Why don't you, uh, fucking go over there. Put it on my sandwich. You get it? I'm on this side of the register. The guy who orders the sandwich, the guy who fucking makes the sandwich. You get it? I'm sorry they fired the mayonnaise guy, but I'm not doing it. I just gave you 100% of the money to make 100% of the sandwich. This isn't like a relay race. You make half the sandwich, then you hand it up to me. I run over right through a pickle on it, frisbee don't know my mom. She sticks in all of it with a toothpick in it. Do you recognize me? It's like, I don't fucking work here. All right? Make the sandwich. I'm out. I'm out. I gave you the money. I'm out. It's over. Let's see end of my part. No, I asked the guy for a drink. He gave me a cup. I finally go, you know what? Let me just get this whole thing to go. Oh my god. It's like, right, the turquilids, they're right over there. You just snap the lid on top. I just want to grab this guy if I just told him, Burr is it. Burr is it. Where's hell? The guy making me do all this extra shit. Where is it? I just choked my way up that corporate ladder. So like get to that eyes wide, shut party, and everybody's sitting there getting blown. I... Like come, I just kicked the door open. The second I see my angry face in that lid, I have to explain myself. Just put it over somebody's face and just starts... I'll pick you fucking y'all gotta be. Oh, that's the thing, it's like never enough. It's never enough for those guys. You know what I can't stand now? It's when you, uh... Just get that out of the way for the taping. And I have that here for taping. I cannot have a bottle cap. Let me put that down there. What if I slip and felt 17 minutes into my set? Then what happens? Huh? All goes off the rails. Now it's not a special. No, you know what I like? It was when you go into these places, right? Even when they're getting your money. Like, that's not enough for them. They want to suck more information out of you. What about toiletries the other day? They ask me for like my phone number. I'm bringing it up again. Can we have your phone number? No! Well, Siri, we're not going to do anything with this. Really? You're just collecting numbers just for the fuck up it? You idiot. No, you can't have my phone number. Then they get like all freaked out, right? Well, sir, I have to put something in. If I don't, if I don't input something in, I can't get to the next, what do I do? Well, fucking lean on the keyboard sweetheart. I don't know what to tell you. Stick your finger on the one. There you go. That's my phone number. What do you guys think? It's very nice. That's it. Live in area code 1, 2, 3. Very exclusive neighborhood. Oh, it's a worst. Yeah, our little savey save, fucky fuck card. No, no, I know. Would you like one? No, I wouldn't. Well, why not? Because you're up to something. I don't know what you're up to, but I know you don't want to make less money, right? Stop fucking with me. Just bring this up and let me get all of it by life. Evidently, what you're doing is you're giving them a free survey on what products you can't live without, so they can jack the price of that up under the guys and give me like a nickel off of like bootleg fruit loops. That's basically it. I read it on the internet. It's got to be true, right? It's got to be true. No, I try to read. I can't. It makes me sleepy. It doesn't sound real. I can watch like 18 hours of TV, you know, one murder mystery after another, you know? Be on YouTube all night long. Spend four hours the other night just watching people get bit by poison and snakes. You know, just having the time of my life. That's what you get, you dumb bitch. Just screaming at my computer. They know what a minute. Just felt put just to get it out. They get me a book. I just can't do it. I get like halfway down. I just start not enough. I don't know. You want the worst things out of those automated machines. You guys have those out here. Those automated checkout machines. You know, unbelievable. I couldn't believe it. The first time I walked into a supermarket, I saw that. I think this is ridiculous. Here it is. I thought it was a comedian. Evidently, I also work in a grocery store. Holy shit, I can't believe it. I forgot my apron. I'm going to go to the grocery store. I'm going to go to the grocery store. I'm going to go to the grocery store. I'm going to go to the grocery store. I'm going to go to the grocery store. Holy shit, I can't believe it. I forgot my apron. God dammit. Was I working tonight? I just got to check the schedule. Dude, do you realize the balls of that? The balls of that? Yeah, I'm going to have a store. You come in, you pick up what you want. You bring it up. You bring it up. You pay me. You put it in a bag. You get the fuck out of my store. Alright. Let's go, people. Step it up. I'm trying to run a business here. Dude, if that is the future. If there is going to be no employees at a grocery store, employees at a grocery store, I'm never paying for food again. I'll be hooking up my friends, like rolling hands out the front door. I want to steal now, I just don't have the nerve. I just want to fill up a whole grocery cart full of food, right? Just walk up to one of those automated machines. You count five, Mississippi. Guess they don't want to get paid. They just start walking out. That one's security shows up, you just blanked out. I'm like, whoa, I didn't know. Sir, you have to bring that back. No, I know. What are you going to cut my hours? I don't work here. I did my job. I picked out what I wanted. I brought it up. I was going to pay you, but you weren't there, so I fucking left. I'm going to pay you. No. I'm going to pay you. That's what you think I was going to do, arrest myself? Yeah, God forbid you want help. I'm telling you, I'm done with all these chains. I'm done with all of them. You can't get any help. Can never get anybody on the phone. And if you actually get somebody on the phone, nobody can help, but everybody understands. And they're always sorry. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, sir. Yes, I understand. I understand. I'm sorry. I don't know why they transferred you to me. I'm sorry. Well, I would be upset, too, sir. I understand. I totally understand, and I'm sorry. And there's nothing I can do, right? And the whole time, all they're doing is trying to get you to curse so you hang up. No, so they can hang up on you. That's all they're doing. They're trying to get you to curse so you can just hang up on you. So they gradually, but if you don't curse, they can't hang up on you. You can just keep torturing them. Well, why is that? I'm just saying, hang, hang, hang, hang. You just keep it going around and around. So what they do is then they try to suddenly make it your fault. Well, sir, did you know your plane was going to be late? Well, why didn't you call a head? Why didn't I call a head? Because I was on a fucking airplane. Sir, I don't even listen to that click. Fuck! Right? Then you got to start all over again. Do you know how many times a week people say to me, why are you yelling? And I never feel like I am. Like, this right here is not yelling to me. It's just, you know, I'm passionate about my opinions. And I want you to hear all of them before you get to talk again. That's basically it. It's not anger. Why are you yelling? You're so yelling. I'm not yelling. I got another couple of octaves. I can fucking... That was brutal. I don't want to be this guy, you know. I'm halfway through my life with this age. You know, when I've been an angry son of a bitch, and I got to turn this around, man, I'm a bearer with my... I don't want to be that guy. You die as the angry guy. That's the worst dude to die as. Because people got to try to think a happy shit to say about you. That's your funeral. They just sit there like, he, you know, he always paid his bills on time. You know, you got him that. You know? And, man, you gave this guy a bill. He paid it. This guy was a bill payin' son of a bitch. Iron to shirt, say, I got nothing. I don't know what else to say about the guy. He's just... No. No, I noticed you don't want to know. I had an anger problem. It was on just like little random things. Like, I went to this place another time. On the road, the mortar and food. I was done ordering the food and the guy behind the counter asked me if I wanted a cookie, right? And all of a sudden, he said, it's unbelievable. Er, just a blast this guy right in the face. LAUGHTER I'm not trying to be paranoid. My brain was just sitting there going like, dude, what can I do? I'm a man, ask another man. If he wants a cookie, I think she's soft to something. I don't want a cookie. I don't want a cookie there. Cupcake? What the fuck? You're not fucking knowing you like that. You know what the sad thing was? Was I wanted a cookie? Oh, I want a loved one. Sit there with a big glass of milk like a four-year-old. Who doesn't love a cookie? You know? But I say it. I say I want a cookie. You don't fucking. I say it. I say I want a cookie. I bring it up. If you bring it up, you do it subtle. You don't just yell it across the restaurant. You want a cookie? A pussy? A pussy? A pussy? LAUGHTER Ah, that's what I realized. I gotta... Anybody else's thoughts just wake them up in the middle of the night? Just wake up. I don't think I'm going to make it. You know? No. You know, my big move was to... Actually, I'm a lot happier than I used to be, man. I fuck around a lot when I'm up here, but I'm definitely a lot more happier. My big move, you know, I decided I wasn't going to go home for the holidays. That was a big thing. I had to. There you go. One guy right there. Yeah. I had to. I don't know what age you decided not to, but I went home at 39, not married, no kids. And I was just like, there is no way I am going home at 40. There's no way. There's no way. People already like asking questions. They just look at you weird. Just like... LAUGHTER So, you're just... LAUGHTER You're just going to tell jokes, you know? LAUGHTER Talk about disease and wish it on people and... Makes fun of people who like cake. Is that what you're going to do? You know, I live in a cultist sack and have a couple of kids who gradually resent everyone and then take their own life. You know, I do that. LAUGHTER Yeah. Yeah. Now, dude, I would love to be married. Like, in my head, it all makes sense. Like, you know, I don't know what happened, but... It just scares me when I see married guys. I just get like nervous, man. I'm just going to be like that stereotypical married guy, you know? Just like a shell of my former self. You know, every weekend, up on that silver ladder, just scooping shit out of the gutters... LAUGHTER My neighbor coming over, you know? Hey, Bill, how's it going? I know, pretty good, pretty good. LAUGHTER Yeah, as soon as he keeps getting bigger, you know? I've been wearing this shirt for 11 years. I don't know what happened to my dreams, you know? I just like coming up here because it's quiet. You know, I just stand up here. Think about what might have been, yeah? LAUGHTER My neighbor's not even listening to me. He's all excited about some garden hose he bought at Brookstone. He's convinced it was designed by NASA. Actually, it's got two nauticals. One for the heart, one for the cold. Really? Is it long enough to go around both our necks and the chimney so we can tan them jump off of this? I thought I really care about you and your little garden hose. CHEERING No, I know I just sort of mentioned killing myself there. LAUGHTER I don't want to freak you out. All right, because I did that joke when I was down the Bible belt and I was down south and this girl took me really seriously. She came up to me at the end of the show and she's like, you're not really thinking about doing something like that, are you? You know, I was like, no, no, no, just joking. I'm just joking. She goes, good, because you know, you can't go to heaven if you do something like that. I was just like, yeah, you know, I really don't give a shit. LAUGHTER It's not that I don't. I just like freaking out people that are that religious, that have a whole little checklist of shit. If you do this, you go here, and if you do that, how do you know that? You don't know that. Shut up. LAUGHTER I think it's a very normal thought. I think it's very normal thought to think about killing yourself, you know? I do. You know, it's weird, anytime I think about killing myself, it's never over anything big. It's always little things. Little things make me want to take myself out as bizarre. Like, am I girlfriend broke up with me? I'm not going to lie to you. I would be devastated. Devastated. Be laying on the ground, crying in the fetal position for like three days. You know, about a fourth day, and I might rub one out. You know, start putting the pieces back together. I don't want to go to join the gym, lie to myself, and I'm going to get the six pack back. I know what I got to do, right? LAUGHTER Well, little things. I thought about killing myself like a year ago on Thanksgiving. You know why I was? It was because I said I was going to make a pie. That little statement made me think about taking myself out. This is not work. This is basically the deal, right? My girlfriend's an angel. She absolutely loves the holiday. So it was like two weeks before Thanksgiving, so she's all excited. She's like, come make a big Thanksgiving coming up. I'm trying to watch the game Thanksgiving. What are you going to do for Thanksgiving? I started freaking out. I didn't think I had to do anything for Thanksgiving. You know, just thought I had to not get drunk and be belligerent around your friends. I thought I was fine. She's like, no, I'm going to make a turkey. I'm going to make something. What are you going to do? So I panicked. I'm like, oh, fuck a mega pie. LAUGHTER I don't want to make a pie. I was just trying to make a go away. You know? Never do that. You just agree with them thinking they're making a leave. Yeah, awesome. What you said? High five. Fuck off. And you go back to watching the game. Yeah. That would have totally worked. It totally worked because she walked away completely excited. She was like, you know, she went away all excited. And I totally forgot about it, right? Two weeks later Thanksgiving comes up, right? She just wakes up. She's like, oh, my God, Thanksgiving. It's Thanksgiving. You're going to make that pie, right? You said you're going to make a pie. And I was like, fuck. I got to make a pie. I got to go to the grocery store. I got to buy some flour. Then I just started thinking, man, what if I just slam my head right through this plate glass window and just blend out right down the side of the house? You know, I would not have to make the pie. So it's not even like I'm suicidal. It's more like I'm like lazy. You know what I mean? Like whenever I know the next four hours of my life is going to suck, like, I ain't think about it. God, I got to pay my taxes. It's a long line at the bank and then a bus is coming by. What if I just dove head first? I just got to double back, fires. Anybody else? You ever think it's shit like that? You don't get spanked. Sealing fans. Somebody's telling me some stuff I don't want to do. You're going to need two four-inch of ID. We need your birth certificate and a ceiling fan's behind the head of it. I'll get right on that. Don't even stop. So anyway, so I decided not to go home for the holidays. I was just trying to tell you here. I kind of came to the piphany. I'm 41 years old. My dad had five kids by the time he was my age. I got to get out of my life here. I was like, you know what? I'm not working Thanksgiving. I'm not working Christmas. I'm not working New Year's. It was like the middle of October. I was like, wait a minute. What about Halloween? That my brain was like, you know what? I'm getting a pumpkin, right? That's how angry my brain is. I can't be just like, you know what? Hey, let's get a pumpkin. You know what? Fuck this. Let's get a pumpkin. Let's start thinking. Carving that shit. I'm in it. I can't even do the kids. I'm meeting them at the door. Hey, what are you supposed to be? Huh? Oh yeah? Full-sized snickers. Bam! Who does that? Who does that? Nobody. Nobody. I will break your fucking bag with my candy. ACDC pumpkin. You ever seen that before? You haven't. Right? You tell all your friends when you see that shit. Look at you. Lean to one side. That's heavy. Here's another candy bar. You look like dumbbells. Walk right down the stairs. This is not much of a maniac I am. Do you know? This is all true. It took me four trips to go to the supermarket to finally be able to buy this goddamn pumpkin. Because every time I would walk in there to get it, I would think of all these happy thoughts. This is a great thing. I'm embracing the holidays. It's going to bring me and my girlfriend together. There's a very loving thing to do when I reach out and grab it. And all I'd hear in the back of my head is, what are you a fake? You could have immediately. I had to turn around and walk out. All right. Let me explain that show to functional people in the crowd. Let me explain this. All right. This is how it works with guys. Anytime you do anything remotely sensitive, heartwarming, anything that's going to make you more of a loving, caring individual, immediately all your guy friends suggest that maybe, just maybe, you want to suck a dick. Oh, it's brutal. Even if you do something smart, right? Like it's raining out. He's got enough brown. What a fake. Oh my God. What are you afraid of the water? Put your shoulders up. You're fucking home, oh. Jesus Christ. Would you pull that thing out of your ass? Oh, it's brutal. It doesn't even have to make sense. You're caught to pumpkin. What do you do next? Carp some guys ass with your cock. What a fake. What are you going to blow a scarecrow? Who's get away from me with your gay little pumpkin? Oh, it's brutal. So what do you have a fact? It's the reason why guys drop at 55 out of fucking nowhere. It's literally from five decades just suppressing the urge to like, hug a puppy, admit a baby's cute. Say you want a cookie. You just got to keep pushing it down. Like, fuck that. I'm not something, Jim. I'm not something, Jim. Yeah. No, no, no. And then one day, one day you're in a denny's. And if you get to put bananas in your pancakes, you just have like an aneurysm and your head slams off that sticky table. And the last thing you hear before it all goes black is your friends go, he got bananas in his pancakes. What a fake. Oh my God, it wasn't sweet enough with the syrup. You're very angry. Bring another one over hole and shove it up his ass. Right? Man, because it looks like a dick, right? It looks like a dick. Yeah, I thought it that I said it. I lost it. Yeah. Ah. It's a horrible, horrible way to live your life. You can't let, you just die in everything. Just every dumb thing that you can do is a guy. Any stupid thing that's going to shorten your life makes you more of a man. Fucking zero degrees out, you know, of a coat on. Dude, you're cold, can't admit it. No, I'm not cold. Dude, I'm not cold. I'm just taking a something I really agree with, you know? Ah. Trying to let go of this ball of hate in my chest. That's why I don't have any kids. I don't. I think it's irresponsible to be a complete maniac, not work on yourself, and then just have a kid, and then just start downloading all your fucked up thoughts until they little pristine little hard drive. You know, just send them off to school with your little manifestos. They're freaking out other kids at school. Two plus two, Timmy? What'd you get? Daddy keeps caching the walls because he doesn't trust bags. Yeah. No, it's embarrassing to know this little about yourself of my age, man. I got to get beyond it. Like, you know, I finally ended up getting that pumpkin. You know, I actually had to bring my girlfriend down to the supermarket, and I had to walk her by the pumpkins because I knew the second I did it. She was going to freak out. And she did. Second, she saw him. She was like, oh, my God, a pumpkin. Halloween's coming up. We should get a pumpkin. I was going to pumpkin. It's not doing like this little pumpkin dance. And I had this unbelievable urge just to take her head and just fucking mush it. Right to the pumpkins. It really hold it there for a second. Like, feel the panic in the back of her head. Is the air bubbles became like less and less frequent? She sat there contemplating, is this how it's going to end? Pumpkin seats up my nose. I always envision being surrounded by loved ones looking back on achievement. It's so orange. No, I resented her. Resented the fact she gets to be a fact. She does. She gets to see pumpkin. Oh, my God. Right? Sees a little puppy. It's that kid. Tries it, sad movies. I got to hold onto all of that shit slowly dying inside. Go out to go see a sad movie, comes to the sad part. What do I do? She's crying. I got to think of some funny shit. I want to somebody kick Sean Penn in the balls right now. I saw it left. Let me get mad at you. How could you laugh during a time like this? No, I'm fucking allowed. That's right, thank you, sir. I like how you turn this into a town meeting. This guy down here. Right. It's exactly it. I always wanted to cry when I was watching Lifetime. But, you know, it was never allowed to. Fucking sick. Popped up on day quill. I think it's my tribute to the film art. That's the drug I did before I got on stage. That'd be a little buzz, right? I put the string in way. So, anyways, no, I just feel myself. I'm starting to change. I'm a happier person than I think I'm ready. I want to have a kid. It's a big thing. I want to have a kid. But the only thing I'm worried about about that is I like little kids. I like them when they're little. I don't like when they get bigger and they start thinking like they know shit. I understand why parents hit their kids. I get it. I'm not saying take your day out on them. But definitely, you know, they get a little lippy. You know, throw out a jab, set the tone. Shut up. No, when they start thinking they know stuff. My buddy's got a kid. His kid is at that age, right? They bite me over to come to dinner the other day. Because I'm like at that age. I'm like that weirdo guy. They feel sad force. They're going to bite me over. Yeah, I really have a pathetic existence at this point in my life. So I'm sitting there and trying to be social with the kid, you know. And he's really into space. I'm like, hey, look the stars around. Huh? The stars are out. The kid's like, actually, that's not a star. That one is jopeter. Jopeter is the fifth planet. I'm like, ah, wow. Hey, you got that bullshit like you're impressed. That's amazing. Wow. Really? Is it? Is it? Is it? They won't shut up. They just keep going on. It's dead 17 moods. And I got to sit there acting and press. Because I'm just waiting for another adult to come by and just scoop the kid up and just rescue me. I'm going to sit there and act like I'm amazed with this. I saw a stripper quit on stage two months ago. What do you think you're going to tell me that's going to blow my mind? You're not. Nothing. You've got nothing. So the kid just kept going on. I know it's good, dude. Good. I know it's good. I know it's good. I know it's good. I know it's good, dude. Good, dude. I couldn't take it anymore. See what I finally did? I just, I had poured a little water on him. Oh, he didn't know what to do. It was great. He just sat and just froze up. He didn't have the social maturity to be like, dude, you're just fucking pouring water on me. How old are you? What kind of a person does something like that? So I'm sitting there. I am laughing my ass off. I'm dying. I'm like I cracked the cone. I finally figured out what to do in this situation. And you know what, this little bastard did he win the kitchen? He fucking told on me. And my buddy's wife comes running out. She starts screaming at me like I'm five years old, which technically I am. Because I'm pouring water on like, you know, six-year-old, right? We don't do that. We don't do that in this house. That is a no-no-no-no-no-no-no. We don't do that. That's when my temper came up and I'd be like, you know what? Fuck you, fucking kid. Fuck you, put her amount of hair. I don't need this, right? No, but I didn't do it. I just sat down and was like, look, you poured water on our kids, okay? I said an honest moment with myself. You know, we try to debate it in your head to try to make yourself right? Yeah, but do this bottled water. Like this kid doesn't get rained on. That acid rain, you actually, you're cleansing his brow. I don't know. But I'm going to have a kid because I like when they're little. It's just worth it. You know, I like toddlers, man. That's the best age. They're hilarious, you know? They never have a shirt on. They already got a beer belly, even though they never drank before. They're not even self-conscious. They don't try to suck it in. They just let it hang out over the diaper. Got like cereal in their hair. They're a mess. They're a mess. They just see people talking. They just come up. They're like, I can't afford an apple jam. They just start telling a story. They don't even have the DCC to start at the beginning. They like start in the middle. Then they jump back to the beginning. They're like, I don't know. They're like, I don't know. I'm just going to have a baby. When I'm in the middle, then they jump back to the beginning, and then they tell the end. This is like a Tarrantino movie. Like, so I just want to buy in the background! It's such a crap that you have with Jackson. It's like, what the fuck is this kid talking about? I love him! Somebody get him a stool to sit down. He sounds like he's going to, like, I'm going to have a heart attack. He's like drooling all over himself. Do they make wife-beaters for a little two-year-old? They should do it. Little little Fisher Price Harley-Davidson. I can't take it. They're adorable. LAUGHTER No, but it's a scary time, dude. It's a scary time to raise a kid. That's the only thing I'm worried about. Is it really scary time? I think they're getting ready to like microchip all of us. I'm not even jumping, dude. If you see that new Dura Self commercial with that woman can't find her kid in the park, do what kind of a fucked up way is that to sell batteries? It's a little hard core, don't you think? What you remember the old battery commercials that show some guy in a rainstorm, right? Changing the tire takes out a flashlight. They're going in Dura Self. I can see what I'm getting. That was it. Not a show in this woman. She can't find her kid in the park. She's sitting on like Kevin. Kevin? Is anybody seen Kevin? He's sitting there freaking out, and she pulls out this device. Kevin comes running out of the woods, and then he's like Dura Self batteries. It's like dude, fuck the batteries. What was that thing she just took out of her pocket? How did Kevin know to come out of the woods? He didn't have an antenna. His sneakers were glowing. What the fuck is in Kevin that is connected to that? Don't you show me that like that's normal? I am remote control kids. I must go see Mommy. Dude, that is some creepy New World Order shit. Evidently, it's a bracelet, and they just put the microchip in there. But that's how they're going to do it. They're going to scare the shit out of you. That someone's going to take your kid. That's just a bracelet. Or if they take the bracelet, I would just glue it to the forehead. I'm telling you, whatever they're doing to dogs, they're going to be doing to us in like 10 years, right? They got those six microchips with their balls cut off. Telling you. You're going to have a TV waiting to get rescued, like some accountant look at us. Fucked up at the TV, right? That's what you're going to hear in the future. That's going to be the future, dude. You hear about Eddie? They turned his chip off, man. Dude, the guy's fucked. He is fucked. He made one little joke about the government. Next thing you know, he had to buy around. His head wouldn't go through. They kept scanning it. I'm going to turn it back on. Then I turned it back on. Dude, fuck. Dude, I ain't standing next to him. They're going to shut my chip off. I don't know that guy. Not to. Bankers, I think they run the world. Bankers run the world. According to my YouTube Wikipedia research. Don't listen to me. I mean, Eddie, if I swear to God, I think they don't. Fucking blowing off the president, you know. That's what killed me. Nerds run the fucking world. I couldn't believe it. Doesn't mean somebody big and scary. Nerds. I remember those kids in fourth grade who would strike out playing kickball. Which is practically physically impossible. The ball was like half the size of your body. But somehow they do it. Big swing in a mess. Penny won't be flying down the third baseline. Those are the guys. They think, ugh. Can anybody explain to me the difference between the sharking and banking? Is there any fucking difference at this point? This one guy was like, well, dude, I'll tell you. Bank won't break your legs. Well, it doesn't fucking have to. What it's doing is legal. The reason why a loan shark does it is because what he does is not legal. So he's like, what do you do? Take me to court? Break your leg. Eh, I'm a fucking payer. No, I know. I'm a maniac. I'm becoming that guy. That conspiracy theory guy. You know those guys? You're watching the game. Then all of a sudden he just looks at you like, dude, you know there's no gold behind her currency. You realize that, don't you? Yeah, that's great. I mean, grab my drink. I think I'm going to walk over here and sit down and get away from end of days down here. I got a dog recently, everybody. That's like the big thing. Yes, I did. I'm psyched. I went down to the pound. I got one of those free dogs. Free dog. That's how I say it, too. That's tough. They say, she's a rescue. I rescue her. Really? Did you pull her out of a burning building? Did you jump in a river with your wingtip still on? But no, concerned for your own safety. Or did you just go to have the pound and get a free dog and she fucks? Is that what you think? I actually, I did not want to get a rescue dog. I did not want to do that. My girl was all about it. She's like, wish you a rescue dog. You want to rescue a dog? No, no, I don't. She's like, why not? I go, because I think a lot of the dogs down the pound might be a little fucked in the head. Have you ever thought about that? Through the shelter is not a pet store. That is like Shawshank for a gold retriever. Why don't we just go down to the prison and rescue an inmate. Just roll the dice that maybe the guy was wrongly convicted. You want to hear mine? Fuck that. I want a brand new 2009 bulldog. All right? I don't want some 1995 half a Labrador for part of its ear chewed off. You know? I got to put together its back story. Every time I go to use the toaster it starts freaking out. Because his last owner hung him from the ceiling fan. Every time the jets didn't cover the over, you know? Dude, that's an animal man that they can kill you. Dude, a rabbit squirrel. How fast a squirrel is? If I was walking home at night, minding my own business. Losing some squirrels started running at me. By the time I processed, like, is that a rat? Is that mechanical? That would be up my leg taking chunks out of the side of my head. I'd have to tell that story for the rest of my life in a bar. Dude, what happened to the side of your head? Fucking squirrel, all right? Where is she? You don't think I'm sensitive? No, I'm not trying to say all those dogs are bad down there. But what if I accidentally get one of those koojos or old Yellers? Right? I'm telling you, they love dogs down there so much. You've got to watch out what they tell you. I was down there. There was this one dog. This thing was staring at me. So goddamn hard. Maniac, looking dog. I'm like, what's up with this dog? She was just like, oh, he was chained to a pallet in a junkyard. His entire life. And I'm like, doesn't have any issues. She's like, he's a little aggressive. It's like, well, you're going to tell me that shit? I'm just going to throw at my hatchback. Let me figure it out on the ride home. I think it's pulling out a sharp and tooth brush to stick in my neck. No, that's what I'm saying. What if I accidentally get one of those crazy dogs? I get up and two in the morning to take a leak. And that is the exact moment it's previous owner used to come home shit face, beat the crap out of the dog. I have no idea what I'm setting up. I'm sitting there shuffling along in my slippers, trying my rope. Meanwhile, the dogs getting all amped up. Like, fuck this shit, man. I probably might sell, I won't let this happen again. It's time to man up. Let's do this on three. One, two, three. Ah! I'm going to be laying in the ground and a pool of my own blood. What are they doing with the dog? They take them right back down to the pond, like some sort of repeat offender. You're going to see them on the news and shackles, like shuffling along. We knew you'd be back there. Get me a milk bowl. Go fuck yourself. You're going to wheel them in like handle-bolector with that lampshade around his neck. I got it. I got it. Ah! Yes, we had like this stalemate, you know? I wanted the brand new bulldog, you know? She kept seeing that Sarah McLaughlin commercial. Getting all sad, you know? Oh, they ought to get sued for false advertisement and that thing. I swear to God. They hand-picked those dogs. The cutest little fuzzy. I just want to play with my- Those cute little innocent little doctor, sues-looking dogs. Where were the pit bulls? Where were the rot-wilders? Where were those maniacs you see lifting weights down at the shelter? I got the saddest-looking dogs ever and she's winding over the top of them. To the arms of an age of three. To the wolf! To the wolf! Those dogs are looking all sad at the camera. My last daughter was an in-nice person. Those ridiculous bandages, like they're in saving private Ryan. That three stooge is rabid here. I have a toothache. Did shep own that dog? What happened? I love that one. It's all wrapped up like a mummy. It's like how? Did it get hit by a cannonball during a civil war reenactment? Did a tyrannosaurus pick it up? Poo! Spent it out! My favorite one's that one-eyed pug. Oh, that's a great dog. Yeah, bring that over to the kids. I'm sure that won't freak them out at all. Mummy, you get us a dog? Her! Her! Just let him sniff you. Just let him sniff you. Do not approach them from the right. Do not approach them from the right. Just let him sniff you. Come around. It comes in entirely different animal when you do that. Just know it comes from the left. His name is Pookey. We're going to call him Pookey now. So she was into that. I wanted to get the bulldog. That was my thing. I was like, I want to get the bulldog. Then I started researching on the bulldogs. I said, got all these health problems, man. From day one, they can't even breathe. They come up in the world. It's like they've been working with the spestest their entire life. You know? It's unbelievable. They can't even breathe. They've got to have them sleeping upright and it's lazy boy rubbing fixed vapor, rubbing that chest. They've got like sleep apnea. They die nine times every night. Why don't I just rescue a retired offensive lineman while I'm at it? Yeah, that's a Jim Chepco. We're going to call him Larry for the rest of his life. For some stupid reason. So, didn't know what to do. So we were out of stalemate. So my girl did what most females do. They just figure, I know it's good for him. I know it's going to make him happy. I'm going to make a major decision without him. And then he's going to deal with it. Yeah, that's how I got a dog. I got a dog when I was on the road. I was on the road. I just had a message on my machine. It was just, poooood. And I just heard she's like, um, okay. I did something. Kind of involves both of us. But I think you're going to love it. Just give me a call. Okay, bye. Now does that sound like I just signed you up for a 12 to 15 year commitment? That doesn't sound like that, right? That sounds like I bought a new outfit. I'm going to drag you to some awful restaurant during a playoff game. Right? That's what it felt like. So I'm ready for that argument. She tells me she went out and she got a dog. Now half of me is an upset. You got to rescue dog. Yeah, we have it for a week. And you know, if you want to keep it, we can. So I go, let me see it. So we start escapin' and she's pans around. You know what she got? She got a pit bull. So I got, I'm like, oh, you got a pit bull? You out of your fucking mind? You got a pit bull? She goes, is that a pit bull? Is that mixed? Mix with what? Another pit bull? Look at that thing. She's been doing pull ups. It's a tie of life. So my paws were still taped up. It's like shadow box in the background. And P90 X and the pit bull. Jesus Christ. She says, like, now we sweet. She said, no, she's adorable. And all of a sudden, this is the worst part. I wasn't getting home for three days. You know, and she's all wrapped up in this dog. You know, and I'm like, I don't get home for three days. What happens when I get home on Monday? And you have to go to work. She goes, well, I just figured I'd drive to work. And you could just come home to the apartment and meet the dog that way. I'm like, hey, you out of your mind? I'm not coming home to that. That dog is bonding with you. It thinks you guys lived there. I'm going to come walking and have my cat ripped up because I'm trying to show my name on the phone bill. No. It's not going down like that. So she's like, well, what do I do? I'll tell you what you do. You take that hellhound. You put it in the goddamn car. Drive it to work. Carp in the shade. Do whatever you got it to. I'm coming home to a safe house. And then you drive home with the dog. Call me when you're a half mile away. I'll meet you and Koojo down in the driveway. We will all walk in together. I will be in the front to show that I am the pack leader because I watch happen episode of the dog whisperer. And I think that that's what you're supposed to do. I think. Oh, it's not true, right? So I'm going out of the drive when I see the dogs. It's a beautiful dog. It's literally like walking like a Marine or something. It's sneaking into something. And I'm like, okay, here we go. Turning my back on a lot of pitfalls. And I don't even know that turns out they didn't get it to shelter. They found it by the LA River. It lived by the LA River for two weeks. And my girl's response to that was like, isn't that sad? No, it's fucking scary. Why is it scary? Well, obviously it got enough protein. So it wasn't eating berries out there. That thing was choking up coyotes. You know, breaking the nexus squirrels. I don't know what it was doing. But it definitely was. You brought a murderer into the house. We'll just rescue and allocate it while you're at it. Just to add to the excitement. So we get the dog in the damn house. That's exactly what I thought was going to happen. The dog sitting there looking at her. Then it's looking at me. And then look at her. Like who the hell is a new guy? Right? A new guy. There's a guy paying the fucking rent. And I was getting no respect. So I was just like, I also right now. It's just like, I know what she's doing. I know what she's doing. She's bringing this dog home because she thinks I'm going to fall for it. And then we'll just have the dog. And it's just like, I love animals. Okay? But I'm not going to live with one that can fucking kill me. You know? Rescue what you want. So when it flips out, because I grabbed her a moment too quickly, I can flick it off the goddamn table or something. You know? So I said, we got it for a week. We got it for a week. And then we make our decisions. So I just shut down. A moment shows I fucked this dog. First two days, I didn't give a shit. You know? Dogs sitting there looking at me. And I was just like, Jesus Christ. Then on Wednesday, I don't want to happen. I started to like it a little bit. You know? I was watching TV. You know? I always talk to myself. I'm always home alone. I feel like a maniac. I finally had somebody to bounce my ideas off. It's kind of nice. Sitting there on TV. Believe you've got damn bankers. Still a trillion dollars. And they get a bonus. And they get a bonus. Dogs sitting there looking at me. You know? Don't fight me. God damn it. I think I like this dog a little bit. You know? It's making me want to work out. You know? Asking a question. How do you get these muscles? What are you going to do with this? Do you think you're going to do it? I'm going to say this. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Asking a question. How do you get these muscles? What are you going to do with this? Do you think you're going to do it? I'm going to do it. Then by Thursday. You know, I'm getting out in the air. I'm walking the dog. And I'm fucking. God damn it. I think I love this dog. This is fucking, you know. I don't know if you ever walked a pit bull. You owe it to your life. At some point in life, to walk a pit bull down the street. I'm telling you. It's the greatest experience ever. It's unreal. Three, four blocks away. They see me coming. They just immediately cross the street. It's tremendous. I don't know why black people complain about that. I love having the whole side of the street to myself. I feel like a king. Oh, it's awesome. It's the greatest thing ever. Pipples are the shit. It's like a gun you can pet. It's the only way to describe it. It's awesome. They make you want a P90X or something, just getting better shape. So then by Friday, I mean, by Friday, the dog was literally messing up my relationship. My poor girl sitting on the couch by herself. I'm sitting there spooning with the dog and the full dog is awesome. Dog is awesome. Watch me get a leg going. Watch me get a leg going. I know what happened. In four days, I went from fuck this dog to, oh my god, this thing's going to die someday. How am I emotionally going to be able to deal with it? Oh, I love it. Absolutely. I carried around like a baby. It's the greatest thing ever. You come home and shaking his tail. It's all exciting. Like, dude, you're fucking awesome. It's like, dude, you have no idea how much I need that. It's tremendous. And you can't appreciate how awesome a dog is as a kid. You can only do it as an adult. As a kid, there's no frame of reference. It's like, you're a kid. Your whole life is awesome. It's awesome, right? You ever think about being a kid? You had no money, you had no ID, no cell phone, no nothing. No keys to the house. You just ran outside and it was, you weren't scared or nothing. I challenge you to do that as an adult. All your ID, all your credit card, just run out of the house, no phone. Turn the corner where you can't see your house and not have a full-on panic attack. Oh, my god. I just got the accident. I'll get lost. You don't know who I am. What if I twist my ankle? Your whole life is awesome as a kid, right? Show up, no money, just get stuff. Real cheese, movie tickets, right? Why wouldn't a dog be awesome? Everything is awesome. It's not to you're an adult that you appreciate, right? Your dreams start dying, somebody cheats on you, right? Bankers, fuck up your 401k, you know? And then you come home and that dog's looking at you like, dude, you're awesome. It's like, no, dude, you, you are fucking awesome. You're the shit. Oh, it's the greatest thing ever. Absolutely. Ah, it's unreal. It's unreal. I'm like poor girl. She said that on Jesus Christ, you love the dog more than you love me. It's like, well, sweetie, you're not at the back door shaking your ass every time I come home. It's really a tough no matter what time. For the morning drunk, the dog doesn't give me shit. It's awesome. Woo. So anyways, like I said, I mentioned I'm 41 years old. And if I'm lucky, you know what I realized? I'm halfway through my shit right now. I'm halfway through my life. So, you know, I'm getting nervous, you know? About dying, you know, just growing old, man. I was never really nervous about it. So I got to this age and, you know, you know what I was? I went to my grandmother's 100 year birthday party. And I quickly realized that women age a lot better towards the end, you know? Guys, we hang with them in the beginning because we're young and then in the middle, they're having kids, we kind of pass them. But that end, that last third, we're like the stock market. We just go right down to the ground. It's brutal. I went to this party. All the old ladies say, well, unbelievably shocked. It was still playing cards. I went right there. But some of the old dudes, man, they were brutal. You know, you ever see a guy like so old, he has like that permanent look of horror on his face? You know what I mean? A couple guys walk in, they look okay. Hey, dude. And then there's always that one guy just comes walking and just like, I don't even know when they're sitting down meeting people. And this is my grandson, Bill. It's like, dude, how much pain are you in that you constantly have a look on your face like that shit from the ring just crawled out of your TV set? Dude, that's gotta be, you're like so old, like everything hurts. You just stand it up and you're like, oh my God, you got a Linozo. Oh my God. Even like blinking like air hurts. Yeah. Dude, fucking kill me. Kill me if I ever end up like that. Dude, I'll fucking kill myself. I'll rock myself down a flight of stairs. I'll lean back, hit my head on a sink. Whatever I gotta do. I told you, I already think about killing myself twice a week at this age. There is no fucking way. I'm going out like that. The end of my life, I'm walking around. Everyone else has that panic. Oh, fuck, is it going down? Look in their face. I don't know how you do it. How do you wake up every morning, brushing your teeth? How do you fight the urge? Do not just jam that tooth brush right down your throat. I'll tell you what kills me was only the old guys had that look on their face. Not any old ladies did. Some of the old ladies had a look of like mild disappointment. You know, I'll just sit there like. You know, like they always wanted to go to Europe, but they never got around to it. But only the old guys had like that. Dude, it was almost like they wanted to tell you a secret. Like, where's the gold? Can you remember the combination? What is that? Somebody said it's like a mild form of dementia. You know what I think it's from, I think it's from being married for 60 years, getting nagged every day and never once looking at you wife being like, you know what, how many you shut the fuck up? Fuck up. Hey, I thought it. You're not happy. You know what, that's fucking way. Is it that or they like, where you down? I think they where you down. Because I know it was a young man. I had a lot more spring in my stuff. Young guys, your girl gives you a shit, you know. You go for a drive. Where's this relationship going? It's still weird. We need to talk and fuck you lady. You're getting the car, you go for a drive. Plenty of ceiling a couple times. You scream out the window, bitch. You get it out. You get it out before you face this wall, push it up. Get it out. Ah, that's a man. That one happens. What happens? You stay in the relationship. You stay in the relationship, right? You get married 15 years later. You got a couple of kids. You got a little gut going. Right? She starts in one with that whole laundry list of stuff you got to do because you're married. Susie has ballet practice. It gets over it too. Make sure you're there too. You're there too, too, the other day. And she's very upset. No, you weren't. You were. I actually documented the record of my Facebook page. And you want to give her an uppercut. No, it's a natural thought. It's a natural thought. It's a natural thought. But you don't. You never leave with an uppercut. You set it up with a jab. You get inside. You come right up to the cleavage and rock that head back. You set it right across the linoleum. Take that dirty pistol out. You lay it next to it. Wipe off the door. Hand on the fucking with you. Now you don't do that. Now you don't. You never hit a wall. You should never hit a wall. You're going to get caught. You're going to go to jail. You're going to get raped. It's off. You don't do that, right? So what are you doing now? What are you going to do now, right? You're married. You can't yell because your kids are there. You can't go for a drive. You don't have a cool car anymore. You got some care van with those sticky children in the corn, handprints, all of the windshield. So what are you doing? You go down in the basement. You just do like that whisper yelling. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. And then I think just one day you get to just two old. You just two old. You're tired. You've been married like 60 years. Your body's breaking down. And you blew your knee out at the Y playing pick up ball like 30 years earlier in the 50 and older league. And you just want to watch the game. And she comes in that one last time, right? Just to annoy you. Just pick it on you. And you always mean to my mother. And I always presented you for her. I can't get back more. I'm your brother, right? And you start to, you don't fuck this. I'm not listening to this, right? You go to get up. And that's when it hits you. That the day before was the last day you had the quad strength to get up and out of your favorite chair. And that's when the panic sets. And you're like, oh, shit. Dude, I can't get up. Oh my god. I got to listen to this for the rest of my life. Oh, that's what it is. That's what it is. Now, a lot of people don't realize both old guys are actually trying to escape. That's what they do. Like, is she loving? No, I'm not making. I'm the end of it. That's it. I'm out of time. You guys were all like, thank you. So, so much for coming out. I really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing.
Why do you pick San Francisco to shoot your special? This is one of the best tales I ever do comedy and this is the most historic venue you got as far as comedians have concerned because many brews ripped it down. All the best came through the bay. What about Richard? What about the Ryan Williams, Tarlan, Mooney? All they said have to be the biggest star. As long as you come with it and people coming out they like to see live performances because it's a savvy audience. San Francisco, all you better! I don't need you to give you all you better! Welcome to the show, here for... The show's finally over! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, man. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. I'm throwing it all right. Yes, thank you. Thank you all. Thank you for coming. God damn. I did it big this year. From cable nigga God damn. Thanks for coming out and thanks for making a niggas feel comfortable and the gayest place on earth. You guys got Disney World jealous out this motherfucker. Man, I didn't really think it was that gay at first. I was like, what is everybody? Because when I was coming out here when I was like, man, that place is really gay. So what the fuck is everybody talking about? It's not so gay. And then I wanted into that Castro God damn. I said, this is America's anus right here. This shit is deep. Went to that tenderloin. Nothing tender about that motherfucker at all. That shit was rough. The opposite of tender. I have never seen crack smoke so casually before. These niggas were sitting in front of Starbucks smoking crack and drinking coffee. I said, this is all for look. Talk about politics. I see one crack here trying to break into somebody's car. Man, it struck a chord. I tried to stop. I said, hey, and he looked back and saw me and said, oh, keep it out. It's a nigga that was me that said that. I'm trying to help you. I want this shit to stop. Crack here is a like that. I had a crack here break my car window one time. Broke it. You know he stole fucking candy ball. I had a line on it and say this all he took. The goddamn candy ball. I was so mad. I drove around in neighborhood for five hours. Looking for a crack here but chocolate on his face. I did that. I finally found my favorite motherfucker. I said, hey man. What's all this chocolate on your face? Motherfucker. He looked confused chocolate. This is dude-oo, baby. I said, ah. Oh, man. This place is insane. But you know what I like about saying, friend, and the reason I picked this city to do my special is because if all the major cities in America somehow people get along here better than anywhere else I've seen in the country, that's right. That's right. And I always admire saying, friend, for that. And today I've realized how you did it. Put all the nigs on the other side of that bridge. There's nothing that's shit that ain't happening on that side. You leave your sandwich sister like, boy, thanks for coming to San Francisco. Come back in April we're having a sale on Birkenstocks. Since we get to the other side, well when I'm going bitch. Quick. Thanks. It's fucking crazy. But it also feel like it's the East Coast city in the West Coast. You guys got subways and shit. I'm scared of public transportation. I was on a bus that was held hostage. 45 minutes. It wasn't like for it and I don't want to give you that impression. It was a dude jerking off but the shit was scary son. Who's scary? It was right before it happened I was on the bus smoking a cigarette. It's a long story. It's not the coolest shit I ever did and people freaked out. Sir! Sir put that goddamn cigarette out okay? Everybody's air sir. I picked it. I didn't want any trouble. Just in that moment coincidentally this home was due. I don't know where it pulls the dick out. Started beating off and I was furious. Because nobody said shit to this guy they were just looking like. God. I was the only one on the bus that had the balls and the same thing to him. And it's not even like I was brave really. It was that you know. I was sitting next to the motherfucker. I had to say something. Come on dog you hitting my elbows. Son of a stop. It's all I said I don't want to say too much. Guys beating off on the bus means something wrong with this motherfucker. He's not wrapped so tight I didn't want to push him over the edge. As soon as I said something all these dummies on the bus now they're brave. Oh he's right. Put your goddamn cock away. I don't want to see this anymore. I don't want to see it either. Yeah. Not a guy flips out. All right everybody back up. Back up up up. I tried to be nice about this. Now everybody freaks out. Oh my god. It's a biological take off. I'm caught in the middle. I can't lose my cool. I said hey everybody calm the fuck down. You don't get me shocked. It's all just be cool. Let's do what this man says. So he'll leave his own. Now everybody gets quiet. That's better. That is better. And then he started walking up and down the house. There's terror as in us. And then he starts making demands. You and the pink shirt. Squares are tips together. Oh god no. No. You stick your finger in your butt. Oh god what is this happening? Oh god. He was working my way. Shit was tight. Just that minute. I got saved. I was so lucky. This guy, the other end of the bus, he snapped. He lost his mind. I seen it happen. Ah. Screamed out. Grash him. He can't come on all of us and charge him out. Ah. And there's like a movie that's home to the dude. He's seen him coming. Shot one all. Ah. I thought it was actually like the Matrix. Look at all. You got behind me. Wasn't so lucky. No. I said it was gross. It didn't kill him but it was. I didn't sure that fuck this day up. I'm not going to have no idea if the home is dude. Bus the none of your forehead and eight thirty in the morning. That's a wrap on the rest of the day. Ah. This guy was freaking out. It burns. Oh. Oh. Everyone's standing around looking. Even the home is dude felt bad. I guess he was finished. He came back to his senses. Oh. This is my stuff. I said relax. I'm on the fuck ahead and say something. Relax. I got to know it. I said you can't get AIDS from the home's dude. Bus the none of your forehead. It's not how it spreads. I don't even know if that's true. That's just what I told him man. He was so scared I had to say something. I'm the way AIDS comes from. Who the fuck knows. Scientists don't even know. Scientists still say AIDS started because somebody had sex with a monkey. Word. After all this research is the best explanation that she came up with. Nobody fucks monkeys and people you idiot. You either fuck monkeys or you fuck people. That's it. There's no end between it. You're not going to get some monkey pussy on Tuesday and then be like, I'll let me call Charlene on Thursday. Once you fuck a monkey that's a firm decision. I'm out of the human pussy game for good. It's ridiculous. You act like monkeys are just as open as waiting for people to fuck. But the monkeys don't want to be fucked by people. Think about it. Think how hard it would be to catch a monkey. And fuck it. That's ridiculous. That's how it had to go. You think you're just going to walk up to him in the woods and grab this nigga with fruits and bananas? Hey buddy. Hey. Yeah. There you go buddy. Yeah. Yeah. Here you go. Your big bright red ass. It's a big bright red booty. You know how strong a monkey is? With a rip you dig old like the celery stalker's psh. Throw that shit in the tall grass. It'll never be seen again. Hey, doll. We're going to go to the club. Pick up some girls who are trying to row. Nah man, I'm cool. I'm going to stay home, doll. Chill with my monkey. You know how long it took me to train this monkey to suck my dick without peeling it? Last night, chim chim jerked me off with his feet. I think only a monkey can show you that kind of love and tenderness. So y'all keep fucking these people if you won't make this monkey pussy for me. Hook it up with an orangutane next week. That's all I fuckers. Chimps and orangutans. No, I feel real bad for his Indians. Everybody feels bad for Indians. They get doled openly because everybody thinks they're dead. These motherfuckers are not all dead, all right? I've seen with my own eyes I've seen a gathering of 1500 Native Americans. They were all gathered in one place. The place is called Walmart, New Mexico. I've never seen Indians before. I wasn't even sure if they were Indians. I fucked up, but I asked one of them. It's not nice, but I've seen them in the sports section looking at bows and arrows. They're saying something. Oh, excuse me. I don't mean to be rude. Are you Indian? And he was cool. Yes. Yes, I'm Indian. Still didn't believe him. I had to test him to be sure. This is fucked up. But I had a gum wrapper in my pocket. So I balled that shit up and I threw it on the floor. And a single tear came out of the ass and I said, oh shit. I had so many questions. What trap are you from? I am a Navajo. I said, it worked. I studied you in social studies. You're a hunter-gatherer, correct? I said, I guess so. That's what you wish to call it. I said, why, what do you call it? I said, I am an alcoholic. I said, what's your name, dog? He said, please. Dog is my cousin. That's a good guess. My name is Ronan Coyote. What is your name, friend? And that shit called me off-guard. I didn't want to say my name was Dave, two motherfuckin' names, Ronan Coyote. This don't feel good enough. He was putting me on the spot. I said, huh? My name's black. Oh, my name's Blackfeet. Then I changed the subject. Forget about me. What's going on with you? You need to eat your chief. Why don't you and your chief and your friends get together tonight? We could have a real-life piece pipe smoke and ritual. We need to celebrate. And I thought you were dead. And he set it up. It was beautiful. It was just like I dreamed. It was all sitting around. And then he was beating the drum. Other Indians came out the back with a long blanket that was folded in half and put it in front of us. And then he opened that shit up. And on the blanket was a long wooden pipe with feathers. And bags of weed were all over the blanket. Chief walked over. The big ones are 50. The little ones are 25. And these are 10. Men and Indians got high as shit. I was beggining. I told the chief. He was talking. I cut him off. Time out, chief. Sorry in the rub. Fucking smash, man. The weeds too strong. I'm injured. Is this piece repeated? The spirits have got me. Chief, the spirits have got me. And the chief threw some water in my face. Calm down, blackface. Splash. I said, hey, is Blackfeet motherfuckin' take it easy? Blackfeet. You're a welcome to stay amongst me and my tribe for the night. Until the spirits leave you. And they gave me my own TP to sleep in. Which sounds nice. I personally felt like it was a little fucked up. You know, because they all had houses, man. It's like, why can't I sleep? We're showin' a house and watch TV. They got to keep ya on this grayish all night. And he ends the room, man. Everybody's room. And he ends the eating nasty food. All they ate was corn and shit. Doritos, the thing they call. That's great. People only see the surface. They see the division in our foods. Just because I eat chicken and watermelon. They think that that's some wrong with me. Let me take some. If you don't like chicken or watermelon, something's wrong with you motherfuckin' There's something wrong with you. Where are all these people that don't like chicken and watermelon? I'm sick of hearing about how bad it is. It's great. I'm waiting for chicken to approach me to do a commercial. And they got all good... Now, do it for free, chicken. At least I can do it. They make fun of Latin people for eating... Which, y'all eat beans, rice, corn. Listen, that's not a reason to hate a motherfucker. It's funny, but it's not a reason to hate. The only reason these things are even an issue is because nobody knows what white people eat. You've been very good at keeping that shit a secret amongst the sales. I study white people. You don't know that. I'm writing a paper on you. Not even for school. Just to do it. Just to get some food. Doing independent research. Spending my money is why I'm working so hard. I follow you around grocery stores. They freak out. I just try to peek in the cart. They always say, get away from my cart, everybody look at. Chicken and giblets are over there. You must be lost. These are vegetables. I know what you drink. See how quiet I got. Great juice. Surprise motherfuckers. You didn't know I knew about grape juice, did you? Oh, no play dumb with me. Look at what? A lot of black people don't have the privilege of knowing about grape juice. Because they have grape drink. It's not the same formula that you give. Ain't no vitamins in that shit. You might have one of your black friends over Todd. Todd? Would you care for a glass of grape juice? What? Look at what the fuck is juice? I want some grape drink, baby. Oh, it's purple. I don't think I know what a grape drink is. What? I have some apple juice. If you want what the fuck is juice? I want some apple drink. Scream. Remember that commercial for Sunday to Light? When all the kids run in from outside playing, they all run to the fridge. All right. I got some purple stuff, some sunny deep. As soon as they say sunny deep, all the kids go, yeah! Watch the black kid in the back. If you ever see that commercial, look at that black kid. He'll be like, I want that purple stuff. And that's drink, make that is drink. They want drink. When I want him vitamins, make that drink. Sugar, water, purple. That's ingredient, sugar, water. And of course, purple. It's too fucking much. I got a lot of things to talk about tonight. First of all, I've stopped smoking weed. When black people, you didn't let me finish, my motherfucker. It's goddamn. I'm sorry black people to break the news so publicly, but I can't smoke with you anymore. At the time I smoked weed with my black friends, all you talk about is your trials and tribulations. I'm sick of that shit. I got my own problems. They're gonna say, waste the weed. I'm smoking weed to run away from my problems. I take only yours. Now on, I smoke weed exclusively with white people. Calm down, motherfucker. You win by default. You got good weed conversation. All white people talk about when they get hacked is other times that they got hacked. I can listen to that shit all night. Do you remember it, Franks last week? It's fucking smashed, man. And catalogs, everything they drink. It's too short, seeyeager. Kill, four-bong hitsman. Beer, cheeseburger. That shit is great. Only bad part is you cannot pass out around white people. Every time white dudes pass out around each other, they always do some boredom, man. Gay shit when the guys are sleeping. Frank fell asleep so we stuck a keratin' ass in it. To shave and cream on his balls. Why, motherfucker? Why did you do that to a friend of yours? He trusted you enough to sleep around. You're gonna put a keratin' ass in that nice. I'll tell you right now, if I put a keratin' of black dudes out there, you will kill you when he wakes up for some shit like that. That is an automatic bed sentence on the street. So rat for you, I'm gonna kill that motherfucker. I thought y'all was friends, baby. What happened? I fell asleep at his house, right? We was drinking, and I fell asleep at his house, and while I was sleeping, right? I'm just gonna kill that motherfucker, all right? That's all you need to know. Fuck carrots. But everybody's getting along. I see that shit. I see it all around. Blacks and whites don't fight so much. You know who don't have no beef with anybody is Asian people. I see how y'all be doing. Y'all just laying the cut. All people are Asian people beef with is other Asian people. Like if you call a Korean guy Chinese, I've done this. They will flip out. Hey! Let's make a think of Chinese. I am Korean. I look Chinese. Yes, motherfucker, you do look Chinese. That's why I said it. It's accident. Look at the untrained eye. You all look Chinese to me. It's a mistake. I'm not trying to offend you. Some people say all black people look alike. We don't get bin out of shape. We normally just call those people police. Okay? Just learn to live with them. That's all I can tell. Everybody is afraid of police now. I'm scared of death of these police. I am. I got a police scandal. First money. I got this a first and I went out. But when I bought me a police scandal, I just listened to these motherfuckers. Before I go out. Just to make sure everything is cool. You hear shit on it. Calling all cars. Calling all cars. Be on the lookout for a black male between 4-7 and 6-8. Staying in the crib tonight. Fuck that. That work on that alibi for a minute. Every black person needs alibi. I do them impromptu joints. If I'm by myself and need to out, I just open up the windows and apartment. Turn on lights on. Stop beating all of Friday and the window. Look at me. Hey everybody look, this is me. They should pay on praise. I'm jerking all over. Nope the time motherfuckers is 2.35. Look at me. I'm jerking all over the window. 2.35. I'm jerking all over the window. 2.35. Community days you pay all those junk stamps. Nope the time. That shit could save my life. Officer David Shapel couldn't have done that. I saw him in his window masturbating. From 2.35 to 2.37. I'm certain of it. He was standing on a clock and holding a calendar and today's paper. Fuck I need alibi. I can't be no celebrity shit. I can't be no celebrity shit is just the worst. I'm seeing it. I can see why I see why stars are crazy. These motherfuckers. I want to diss me world of my kids, which is a big deal for me. I don't get to see my kids so much. I do Shapel show. 20 hours a day. Sleep for like half an hour. Raise my kids for 10 to 20 minutes. And not go back to work. Now. This particular day I got to hook up with the kids we went to business. We're everybody at the park. Fucking everybody. Hey, hey, Rick James bitch. Hey, Rick James bitch. It's like, hey man, hey. You might not call me a bitch in front of my kids. Time out motherfuckers. We take it they all. Even Mickey Mouse did it. I said, this is the most unprofessional shit I have ever seen in my life. Rick James bitch. Oh, I was fed up. I caught that motherfucker with the uppercut. Bop. Knocked his head clean off. Everybody was screaming. Oh my god. Oh my god. Mickey Mouse is Mexican. I had terrible time in Disney World. Disney World is like a whole other country anyway. They got their own currency. That shit is ridiculous. As soon as I check in the hotels, welcome to Disney World. Mr. Chappelle can we interest you in some Disney dollars? Nah, man, I'm cool. Can't buy weed and pussy with Disney dollars. I'm on vacation. I like them greenbacks. I like them greenbacks. I'm saying there's a kind of money people spend. People is very particular about that. I saw that. That was one of the main stories from the war. It was the first big thing we did. It was a sad story. I saw that. I saw that. I saw that. I saw that. I saw that. I saw that. I saw that. I saw that. They did. Now that I retired, we have managed to take Hitom who say face off of the money. The press conference was shocked. I was really proud to find an American because that's a very subtle psychological new wanted to have a dictate on his money. It is thoughtful to take off every ever else. If you can do that, I'll write something down here. What about our money, man? Our money looked like baseball, cause we slave homes on. George Washington is the worst, the worst. Yes, I said it. You mythologized as a motherfucker. He was the greatest dude, man. If I went back in time with a white person and we saw George Washington walking in front of our time machine, my wife from would probably be like, oh my god, Dave, look, there's George Washington. He tends to father of this great nation, and go shake his hand. I'd be on the other side like, run, nigga, George Washington. And we both be right. You like him because he wrote the Declaration of Independence and all that shit. We hold these truths to be self-evident. All men are created equal. Go give me a sandwich, nigga, I'll kill you. Liberty, justice for all. Am I wrong? Am I wrong? Wait a minute, did he not own slaves, did he own slaves? That's why I saw him saying it. I almost protested at the war in the beginning. Almost. I tell you I saw what happened to him, Dixie Chicks. I say, fuck that. If they'll do that to three white women, they will tear my black ass to pieces. I don't wanna hear that shit. Yeah, man, they would. But I'm like, for real, why? Why do you care so much with the Dixie Chicks? It's not like they political scientists, and they just bitch, they can sing good. You know what I mean? Stop worshipping the celebrity so much. Just don't listen, pay attention. I remember right around September 11th, the job rule was on MTV. They said, we got job rule on the phone. Let's see what jobs thoughts are on this tragedy. Who gets a fuck with job rule things at a time like this? This is ridiculous. I don't wanna dance, I'm scared to death. I want some answers to job rule, right? Not have right now. I think when bad shit happens to me, I'll be in a crib like, oh my god, this is terrible. Because somebody, please, find job rule, get hold of this motherfucker, because I can make sense of all this. Where is job? I have me job rule. I don't even know why people listen to me. I'll say anything, Nick, I've done commercials for Coke and Pepsi. I don't give a fuck, what comes out of my mind? By the say what it takes, whatever it takes, that's what I'm saying. If you wanna know the truth, can't even taste the difference. Surprise! I know it was Pepsi paid the most recently, so taste better. It's pretty much how the game goes. I'm just being real, man. There's too much goo-gog and over-seller, but people don't know it was fake and what's real anymore. That's why Bill Cosby got in trouble. Look what happened to Bill Cosby. Bill Cosby says some real shit and the whole world freaked out on him. For what? For having an opinion, just because he was selling puttin' pots for the last 40 years, people forget that he's the nigga from Philly in the projects, and he might say some real shit from time. It's not that big of a deal. I spoke at my old high school and I told him, Kia is straight up. If you guys are serious about making it out of this ghetto, you gotta focus. You gotta stop blaming white people for your problems. And you've gotta learn how to rap, play basketball or something. Making your track, you are trapped. Either do that or sell crap. That's your only option. That's the only way I've ever seen it work. Better get the entertaining news white people. Make a good, that dancing. Go on out there and be somebody. I just hope they listen. Shit is ridiculous. You know, if you watch a movie, say you watch a movie and one character says that no character says, what's your number, man? What's the other character always say? 555, 5555. You know why we gotta do that? Because stupid ass people go to the movies and then go home and try to call the characters that they just saw. Hello, because there's any other gentlemen here? No motherfuckin' fake, it's not his number. And to be honest, this is the worst time in history to be a black celebrity. Fuck, they lockin' all our stars up. It's hot right now for black celebrities. I knew it was bad when Kobe got in trouble. I said, this is a rap fuss. He's one of the most wholesome dudes we had. Lockin' up everything. Kobe kept it together. Thank God he held his game together because if he was cracking under pressure and getting like six points of game, the whole LL would have been like, that nigger is guilty. Kobe was playing his ASO. He was playing like his freedom depended on that shit. You see that some motherfuckin' him game? This nigger's trying to beat that case on the court. I'm a star. Like the judge threw him in the ball like, play for your freedom. If I could talk to Kobe, I'd be just relaxed. You'll be fine, man, because the public is still giving Kobe the benefit of the doubt. He's one of the few black celebrities that get that. Not because he's a celebrity, more because, you know, the girl showed up with eight different savings to the investigation. You can't do that. That's seven too many. That's a lot of savings, man. That's seven too many. That's a lot of savings, man, because you got no one's arc on a pan is... I wish you're trying to recreate who man it is. She's a collector. She got every unsolved mystery the answer might be in this girl's pan. I had the first place I looked. OJ's other gloves in there. Bigfoot's footprint. Three CSI reruns in it, motherfucker. You got the most damn boggled draws ever. Fuck me in a celebrity. It's not the time to be a black star. They locking all our stars up. Black celebrities, this is the witch hunt for us, man. God damn it. It's all OJ's fault. Ever since OJ got away, why have people just been locking up our stars one by one? It's true. And it's all... It's not even OJ's fault. It's all fault. We celebrated too openly when OJ got acquitted. We should have been quiet about that shit. Susan Knock guilty. Nick was your name? Oh, and your face, Nick and your face. Perth's throwing at her. Burns, damn it. And good at justice system. Burns, damn it. Welcome to my world, motherfucker. All that shit. Why have people wanted OJ's ass, bad? City LA spent over $12 million just trying at motherfucker. And the look on white people's face when he was acquitted, priceless. Priceless. And that's why I don't trip all the banners to the evidence. I don't like it. I don't trust it. There's one minute they all love you. The next thing you know. In front of that courthouse dancing on top of a car, just trying to figure out the fuck happened to you. What was I waiting for? Because the time in this Michael Jackson shit is what makes me doubt it. Every time his war is going out of control, the economy gets bad or something is wrong with the world at large, it's always these moments in history that Michael Jackson will pay. Michael Jackson will coincidentally. Jericho Alphakeed is just getting ridiculous. Are you planning this shit? Do you have meetings? Michael, thank you for coming. As you know, Michael, the war has not been going as well as we expected. There's been a lot of hiccups and the public is asking us a lot of questions, of course, and. Well, Michael, there's no nice way to say this and I know how to do his beat directs. Let me just beat direct. We're going to need you to jerk off another child, Mike. I'm sorry. I am sorry. But it wouldn't really help out. Or maybe he did it. Who knows? Who knows? That's the thing. That's what I wanted to say. Who knows? Who the fuck knows? Mike, God, and this little boy known. That's about it. That's about it. The only reason that I can even talk about this shit is because everybody is speculating. They all think he did it. And I don't think he did it. I'm alone in this. I don't think he did it. I'm not going to say I don't think he did it. That's too strong. Let me just say I am a reserving judgment. Until all the facts come out. It was so far from what I heard. I mean, the kids said he's dying of cancer. He was in Make-A-Wish Foundation. He had two weeks to live. And it was his dying wish to meet Michael Jackson. Come on, man. Give me a fucking break. His kid is 10 years old. He don't remember Thriller. The fuck you want to meet Michael Jackson for, honestly. I remember Thriller. And I just like, kind of want to meet this nigga. I wouldn't break an appointment with him. I put it that way. I'd have to already be free. That's ridiculous. That's like if I'm dying in two weeks and go, I'm gonna get me in a room with Chubby Chaco. I wouldn't want to meet that man with the fuck on that. My last two weeks. Why not usher somebody like this? So then the kid claims he goes to Michael's house. This is where it all gets crazy. I don't like, you know, he does everything you'd expect at Michael's house. They climb trees and rode rollercoasters and Ferris wheels. The chef made cookies, pies, and cakes. They was petting them all here in the draft. Saying, songs, kids shit. And in the middle of all this chat like activity, for some reason, Mike pulled out some wine and some pills. And sucked this kid's dick. Folks, it hurts me to say it. And the kid had the nerve to call that abuse. The fuck of that is a good, host guy. What else do you want? What else do you want? I'm not gonna get a glass of rake drink in my friend's house. Alone with Rokos riding my dick sucked. Mike must be confused like I brought you in my house. I fed you. I sucked your dick. And this is how you repay me, motherfuckers. This was your wish, not man. Thought you were dying in two weeks. What happened to that, mother? I've been in court for a year and a half because strong every time I see you. This is fucked up. I shouldn't even say this fuck. Wouldn't be some ironic shit if they found out through this case that the cure for cancer was Michael Jackson sucking your dick sometimes. If Mike had powers like Green Mile and all the kids like, what's up guys? I never again. You need an appreciated. Can we at least study your saliva? Please, Mike. He's just done stop, though. This doesn't stop. And the only reason I can talk about Mike is because he's a freak. He's a freak. That's why people let you talk about it. I brought up Catholic priest fucking kids that don't get quiet as shit. But when Michael Jackson does it just okay because he's a freak. His face is all cut up. But just remember when you look at that thing that he calls his face, that he did that for you somehow. Somehow he thought maybe it'll help. Maybe people who like me more, if I turn myself into a white, I don't know what the fuck it is, but he did it for you. And I appreciate the gesture, Michael Jackson, if you're watching this, I appreciate that gesture. And I want you to know, fuck everybody, they should pale understands. Because you want to know something? I'm getting some work done. Surprise, yes. Nothing major. You would never know if I didn't tell you, but it's some shit I'm insecure about that I want to work on. If you must know, I'm getting boat talks done on my balls to get these wrinkles out. Finally, we have these just smoothest eggs. No, I can't wait. I cannot wait. And I'm not stopping there. That's just phase one, baby. You'll be like Bob Villa, these old balls. I'm fixing them up. I'm plucking all the hair out. I got to make room. I know this. I got to make room. I'm going to tattoo a gangster ass face on me and expressions like this. Then I wrote a hair back on the bottom so they got beard like me. Then I'm hitting that beach and looking for balls suckers. I'm going to wear some high shorts just like this. And walk up the women with a confidence I've never had before. Pardon me, Miss. I don't mean to be rude. But do you suck balls? Excuse me. Miss relax. You didn't even let me finish. Do you suck these balls? Oh my god, those balls are as smooth as eggs. Yes, I'll suck them. I played this scenario out in my man, a million times lady. That's how it always ends. Yes, I'll suck those balls. All our stars. All our stars, man. Our Kelly pissed on his victim. I know, it was rough. But I mean, again, I can't even judge our Kelly. First of all, we don't know these allegations are true. If you want to know how I feel about it, honestly, if a man cannot pee on his fans, I don't want to be in show business anymore. Well, that's why I got in the game. Baby, I got dreams too. You guys are confusing the issue. Why you guys are busy worrying about if our Kelly even peed on this girl and I? You're not asking yourself the real question. That American needs to decide once and for all. And the only thing is how old is 15 really? Oh, that's a good question. That's a good question. I'm not saying that a person is as smart as they're going to be at 15. That's not what I'm saying, man. But I am saying 15 to me is old enough to decide whether or not you want to be pissed on. I mean, that's me. If you can't make a decision like that by the time you're 15, then just give up motherfucker because life is way harder than that. I make tougher decisions all the time. If you don't want to get pissed, then I want to just get the fuck out of the way. It's not even a decision. If I start peeing on the front row, they're not going to have to calculate and think, how do I feel about this? Am I okay with it? They just move. You can do that at 15. I could have. I bet 15. When I was 15, I was doing stand-up in night clubs. I smoked a rafel from time to time. Friends were selling crack. I was trying to finger fuck people. I knew what was happening around me to some degree. Getting pissed on was the least of my worries at 15. Trust me. But it keeps coming up. It's a lot of confusion around that age. Anytime 15 comes up, people freak out. Like when that girl Elizabeth Smart got kidnapped. Right? Remember when you told last year's 15-year-old girl Elizabeth Smart was kidnapped? And then they finally found her and the whole country was relieved. And I was the only one saying damn. She wasn't that smart after all. Not because she got kidnapped. That could happen to anybody. I'm not going to for that. I'm just saying if you kidnapped me when I was 15, you got to take me further than eight miles away from my house. Man, God damn. Can't hold me prison around. Shit, I recognize. I'll break away. I'll break away. Fuck off me. That's my bus stop. I know I'm mad. I'm going home. She was missing for six months, eight miles away from my house. That's two exits, man. That's nothing. And while she was missing during this half a year that this girl was missing, there's a seven-year-old black girl who gets kidnapped and fill a delphy. Nobody knows her name. They might have talked about it two or three times on the news, but she should have been the top store. Because she chewed through the ropes and had both of these motherfuckers in jail. And 45 minutes flat. Seven years old. I'm not making this up. There's two crack heads kidnapped and took them back to the crack house and tied her up. And then they left her. There's a crack heads. I got to make moves, crack smoke, chocolate, eat. These motherfuckers made moves. It was out. But as soon as they left, this little girl got the nibbun. She was kidnapped at four o'clock and at home watching herself on news at 5.30. That shit is crazy. That's a news store. That is a news store. Now, meanwhile in Utah, 15-year-old Elizabeth's smarts captors left her alone too. And they didn't even tie her up because they're here at Bill East. They just bounced. Don't try to escape, bitch, or will kill you. Be right back. I believe she's 15 sitting in the house by herself. Oh, am I going to get out of this? Come on, Elizabeth, think. Think Elizabeth, how am I going to get out of here? Why don't you just open the fucking door and go outside? Have you thought about that? Do you have a quarter? Do you know your phone number? Your 15-bitch run? Stop thinking and stop making moves. I know I sound mean. I don't know what the people are thinking when I'm saying this. Dave, she's only 15. All right. But that's the discrepancy because when you talk about a little girl like Elizabeth's smart, then the country feels like 15 is so young and so innocent. On the flip side, here comes 15 again. Now we talk about a 15-year-old black kid in Florida. This black kid accidentally killed his neighbor when he's practicing wrestling moves that he's on TV. Now, was he a kid? Oh, they gave him life. They always try 15-year-olds as adults. There's no one he was doing. It's a goddamn pile driver. This kid gets on the ropes. There's no stopping him. You'd have to send a rock to a restaurant. And they gave him 15-year-old boy, Life and Jail. If you think that it's okay to give him life and jail, then it should be legal to pee on him. That's all I'm saying. You got to make up your mind across the board. How old 15 actually is? That's all I'm saying. So I'm going to tell you right now, if somebody comes in here and puts a gun in my head, and says, Shapali, you got a choice to make. You're either going to jail for a month or we'll let you go, but you got to let R. Kelly pee on you. I'm not hesitating. Bring in R. Kelly and tell him to stay away from my ass. I'd rather get pissed on on the outside and fucking the butt on the insats. I can't go to jail with some smooth Botox balls and think everything's going to be all right. It's not that kind of place. Taking my chance with that pissed a wash off with a 10-minute shower, I'm certain of it. This piss is coming right out. What can I do? They're going to put me in jail. Sad is changing rapidly. Can't smoke indoors. The fuck was that all about? I got kicked out of titty-buff smoke. No, that shit was ridiculous. It's the stripper did it. The stripper came up like, you're smoking as a health risk for me. I don't want to work on this kind of environment. Spitchy have your gunnery and fussy pussy in my face. You started it. They threw me out. It's the dirtiest place I've ever been thrown out of and just a given idea of what I mean by dirty. Lap dances at this place. Three dollars. It's fucking disgusting. And at the same time, who could pass up a sale? Son, it was three dollars. Of course I did it. Only 12 quarters. Said I'll break a fire for that. I've never seen somebody work this hot for three dollars. This lady must have been a throwback to the Great Depression. She was all over me. It's the first time I ever told a stripper to get off me. All right. Yeah, thank you very much, miss. Thank you. That'll be all. That's enough thinking. Hey! Hey, get off of me! Whatever happened to lipstick on the collar lady? I have a shit streak on the middle of my shirt. How the fuck am I going to explain this when I get home? Huh? Oh no, baby. Me and Bob were playing basketball and Bob Dunk on me was hanging on the rim and his pants fell down. I was checking them clothes. I think he was swinging. And his butt cheeks might, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, his butt cheeks, I think, caught my shirt. I don't know why I was playing ball in my dress shirt. It was midnight. I don't know what the fuck. Just let me think. That's what, that's what you know guys, Slian, if you say shit like that. Hold on, just let me think. We may not have stayed at Teeve. Hold on, that's just a methane farm, man. Can I think? Can I think? We all win, man. You guys, you guys, you guys just made too much progress, too fast. Not too much, but you just, you confused by, you made so much progress, you even confused. Man, I ain't women. We both, like, what the fuck just happened? Because women got all of this money now, but they still like women. Like, oh, you never take me anywhere anymore. And it do be thinking, bitch, you got more money than me. You never take me anywhere anymore. And at the same time, you don't treat a man like a man. You don't cook. You don't clean. And you don't do anything, or motherfuckers say it. You tell them motherfuckers what, do I see women doing this to men all the time? Come on! Oh, man, what's that shit? So, when anybody that tells me what to do that much, you got to work with me. Like, if it makes a man feel like a man to watch the game, then just let them sit down and watch the game for a minute. And if he happens to look over it, she won't be watching the game. Don't look at him all mean and make him feel guilty about watching it. Just pick up your own titties and suck it. Just try it out. He will instantly remember why he fell in love. Oh, that's right. So, that night, girl sucks on own titties from time to time. I can't walk away from that. It's too hard to find. You see that, took 20 seconds. You're still gonna be as busy as you want. Just suck your own titties and everything's cool. Well, how about this? If you make a love to your man, you already make a love. My husband will spice it up, right? How about this? I personally like it. I like it when a girl tells me where to come. I don't like it when a girl tells me when to come. I hate that shit. Don't come here. Oh, bitch, all these rules! And instead of doing that, why don't you just tell us where? It's make us feel better, especially if you're aggressive about it. I like when a girl gets wow. Come in my face! Stick your chin out like a boxer. Bring it on, motherfucker! There are a bomb! But it doesn't have to be that wild or explicit. That's a... Look, all the maintenance in those that you're interested in that you participate. You can say anything, he'll be happy. Oh, oh, oh. Come on top of the television. All right, but... The weirder, the place is better. Oh, come in my fishbowl. Damn, fishbowl. Oh, shit, the eatin' it all! Fish love it when I come over. Oh, is that guy we're having chicken tonight? You guys, man, thanks, man. It's been the best year of my career. By fall. I appreciate you guys watching me. Can I do for my kids, brother? And my kids off the hook. You can think I'm a bad motherfucker. Wait till you see the 2000 model, should I peel this? Nega is off the hook! I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. I see. The hook! My son's a bad! My oldest son is three. Nega made me a necklace out of macaroni. I said, this shit is a baller. He painted the macaroni green and put it on a string. He tied it on my neck and he told me he was proud of me. And I got choked up. And he thought I was sad. It's how smart he was. He says, like, you say it, Daddy. And I said, no. I'm not sad. He's too young to understand his son. But this is fuckin' crazy. You used to live in my balls, man. Now you making jewelry out of macaroni or bad motherfucker. Long live Chappell's. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Oh, shit. Thanks, guys. Thank you. That's what it's all about. Everybody usually wants to be famous so they can rock nice jewelry on that shit. They already got them macaroni necklace. I got valuable shit. I got valuable shit. I got valuable shit. Not in it for that. Only kind of shit I want to do with fame is like decadent as I want to go to Vegas to the $5,000 blackjack tape. And I don't even want to play. I just want to be such a big star that I could go up to one of the players in a tight hand and put my dick on this show. And I'm such a celebrity. They think it's funny. Hey, what the fuck? Oh, shit. Dave Chappell. God. Get on the cell phone. You are not going to believe whose dick is on my shoulder. And this guy's balls are smooth as eggs. He's had some work. Couldn't thank you enough. That bless you, old man. Keep watching. I'm going to try to make it interesting. Stay safe. I'm rich, bitch.
A New York City family central presents Jimmy Carter. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Thank you. What a night. Check it out. One. Two. Two. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much indeed. I'm Jimmy Carter. I'm one of the biggest faces in British comedy. Literally, I've got one of the biggest faces. Look at the size of that. It's like the moon. Probably affecting your menstrual cycle, just being this close. LAUGHTER I had hassle getting out this evening. I had to organise a babysitter. I don't have children. I've just found the lot cheaper than escorts. LAUGHTER There's pretty much nothing they won't do for $40. LAUGHTER I've little smattering of applause for that. Well done, you. LAUGHTER When I told my mum I wanted to grow up and be a comedian, she said, you can't do both. LAUGHTER I'm from Great Britain, obviously. What makes Britain great is our ability to laugh at ourselves. And when I say ourselves, I mean other people. LAUGHTER And when I say laugh, I mean invade. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I met an American woman who told me she thought all Englishmen were repressed and uptight. I was angry. I was upset. LAUGHTER But I managed to hide it. LAUGHTER People asked me, what were you like at school? So I tell them, I was a little black girl. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER CHEERING It's about half of you laughing, half of you thinking, was he? LAUGHTER I saw a homeless guy getting off the bus. I thought, well, how does he know it's he's stopped? LAUGHTER LAUGHTER LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I had an amazing cab driver here in New York City. A cab driver, he was smiling and whistling clearly in a brilliant mood. He said, I love my job. I'm on boss. Nobody tells me what to do. I said, left here. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER You know when you go around to a friend's house for the first time and they say to you, did you find it okay? What do you meant to say? LAUGHTER No, I'm still lost. LAUGHTER I saw a thing in the paper about animal rights protesters being up in arms because guinea pigs were being used in testing. I thought the clue there is in the name. They're not calling them guinea pigs for nothing. That is what they're for. LAUGHTER A little slow but you got there and that's important. Well done. Well done, you. Creationists, the right-wing Christians, creationists believe every word Genesis says, I don't even think Phil Collins is a good drummer. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE What is it about being blind to make sure you want to walk the dog the whole time? LAUGHTER Surely the best thing about getting a face transplant would be turning up at the donor's funeral and going, Ooooooh! LAUGHTER You definitely would, come on. APPLAUSE Does anyone here know what you're meant to do if you're stung by jellyfish? Does anyone know? Pion it is exactly the right answer. Yes, if you get stung by jellyfish you're meant to pee on it. I didn't know this. I went on vacation and everyone told me if you get stung by jellyfish you're meant to pee on it, well I'll tell you this much. It doesn't work as well on shark bites. LAUGHTER The boys family were livid. LAUGHTER Apparently once they've been dead a couple of hours there is very little you can do. No. LAUGHTER A boy genuinely died just to make that joke funny. LAUGHTER Don't cry, it's just a joke. Although it was a joke about pissing on a dead boy. So don't, you know, maybe cry a little bit but don't get carried away. If you were offended by that, good luck with the next one. Do you know what you meant to do if you're attacked by a bear? You meant to play dead. It's exactly the right... If you get attacked by a bear you meant to play dead. Do you know why you meant to play dead? It's to get used to how you're going to be in a minute. APPLAUSE Do you know what you meant to do if you're attacked by a bear? LAUGHTER Piss on a bear. LAUGHTER You think you should piss on a bear for the attack you. You're like a walking advert for natural selection. LAUGHTER If a bear is coming at you, sir... ..and you whip it out... ..Mr Bear is just going to think, oh, an order. LAUGHTER Delicious. LAUGHTER My favourite story of the last year concerned a student. He was walking home late one night. He was drunk. This is his crime. He called a police horse gay. He saw a police officer on the back of a horse. He looked at the horse he went gay. Your horse is gay. Now, if ever there was a victimless crime, surely that's it. Calling a police horse gay for a start, there's nothing in the matter with being gay. Secondly, it's a horse it can't understand. Thirdly, even if by some miracle it could understand, I think a horse would be fairly, you know, okay, with being called gay. Because I think a horse would be fairly sexually self-confident. For a start, it's hung like itself. LAUGHTER But the police officer didn't let it go. Oh, no. He got off the horse and he arrested the young man. He fined him $100 for calling a police horse gay. I wish I'd been his lawyer. I would have got him off. Because in his defence the horse was standing naked on all fours in the middle of the street. LAUGHTER With a uniform man on his back that he's quite gay. LAUGHTER I'm not just a comedian, ladies and gentlemen. I'm also a thinker, a philosopher, if you will. And I'd like to share some thoughts with you. So I thought we might just change the mood a little bit in the theatre. Maybe a little bit of background music. Exactly the sort of thing. I'm going to have a little sit down for this. These are sort of jokes, but they're all kind of ideas as well. I just want to share them with you, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. Let's just get a bit of atmosphere in the room as well. Maybe a little bit of... You know, imagine we're in a smoky cafe, kind of... Yeah, we may have overdone it on the atmosphere there. I don't know if anyone in this production has noticed I'm not white snake. LAUGHTER Maybe a little bit too much smoke, but still we'll soldier on, shall we? What happens if you spill carpet cleaner? LAUGHTER If an amnesiac or Alzheimer's, would they forget they couldn't remember anything? LAUGHTER I worry about my grandmother. If she's alone in the house and she falls, does she make a sound? LAUGHTER Consider the positive. You're never alone with schizophrenia. LAUGHTER If you're schizophrenic and you're offended by that, you can both... ...f*** off. LAUGHTER I was in the airport. Those treadmills they've got are huge. LAUGHTER I'm not superstitious, but I read about this guy that fell out of the 13th floor window of a building, and he died. Spooky. I've had an idea for a shop selling used artificial limbs. It's called the second hand, second hand store. LAUGHTER A snail can travel over a razor blade without cutting itself. Or to put it another way, sometimes scientists get bored. LAUGHTER What was the best thing before sliced bread? LAUGHTER Bread knife? No, massive sandwiches. LAUGHTER If I owned an optician's store, I'd have them do the shop sign in a blurry font. LAUGHTER Confucius said, how do you know you're a man dreaming you're a butterfly and not a butterfly dreaming you're a man? How do I know I'm not a butterfly? I drove here, you f***. LAUGHTER There's a thin line between neighbourhood watch and becoming a vigilante, and it's a line you cross when you buy a cape. I was asked to describe myself in three words. I said smart, dynamic, intelligent, attentive. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER I saw a headline in the paper, it said, America faces crisis. I thought, what? You're running out of faces? LAUGHTER If you took all the Chinese people in the world and you laid them head to toe around the world, you'd ran about half of them. LAUGHTER So don't do that. A woman came up to me in the street with a clipboard, she said, could you spare a few minutes for cancer research? I said, all right, but we're not going to get much done. LAUGHTER Most people that get cosmetic surgery are disappointed with the results, but they look pleasantly surprised. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I bought my girlfriend a book called Cheap and Easy Vegetarian Cooking, which is ideal for her because not only is she a vegetarian. LAUGHTER I've got a friend, she's got a theory. She reckons the way to drive a man wild with desire is to nibble on easier lobes for hours and hours. I think it's nuts. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE Do you think strippers get home after a hard day undressing and think, oh, more work? LAUGHTER It's now 25 years since the Chernobyl disaster. Is it just me that surprised still no superheroes? LAUGHTER I was out last week collecting for a sponsored walk and in the end I managed to raise so much money I was able to afford a taxi. LAUGHTER Here's a frightening fact for you. If you took all the money that we in the West spend on food in one week, you could feed the third world for one year. Now, I don't know about you good people, but I can't help feeling. We're being overcharged for our groceries. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE Right, final thought. I had an out of body experience. I was beside myself. Quite enough of that, I think. APPLAUSE Have you ever looked at a check in a restaurant where it says service not included and thought, no, it wasn't, was it? I was staying in a hotel. I came down for breakfast. I said, I'll have a fully cooked American star breakfast pancakes bake in the fall bit. The waiter said, what room are you in? I said, it's the dining room. LAUGHTER Sex is always better in hotels. Have you noticed that ladies' gentlemen? Sex is always better in hotels. Why is that? Is it because it's with a hooker? LAUGHTER My girlfriend is always saying, you never tell me how much you love me. I don't want to upset her. LAUGHTER I don't know if anyone else gets this, but my girlfriend tells me about her day in real time. LAUGHTER I said to my girlfriend, I said, you shouldn't eat before you go swimming. She said, why is that? I said, you look fat. LAUGHTER I'm telling these misogynistic jokes, ladies' gentlemen, but I'm actually a fairly modern man. I've got no problem buying tampons, but apparently they're not a proper present. LAUGHTER Happy birthday, mum. LAUGHTER Said, super on the box. I don't know what you want it. Would you agree, ladies, that men are no good at stopping and asking for directions? Would you agree with that, ladies? No, I agree. I put my hand up like that. Men are no good at stopping and asking for directions. Of course, on the other hand, maybe we wouldn't have to if you could read a f***ing map. LAUGHTER I was chatting to a guy at a party. He said, what does your girlfriend do? I said anything but anal. LAUGHTER I'm joking. She loves it. LAUGHTER Women like to dance with men, because women instinctively know if they dance with a man, they'll be able to tell what he's like in the bedroom. And it is quite a good indicator. I tend to dance for about 30 seconds and have a bit of a cry. LAUGHTER I told my girlfriend my ultimate sexual fantasy was to have two women at the same time, and she agreed. But then she was livid when I told she wasn't either of them. I met a girl when I was single who had a twin, so I asked about the three way. You would, wouldn't you? I asked. She agreed. It was amazing, because if anything, her twin was better looking than her, and an all round great guy. LAUGHTER I'm thinking about getting a tattoo, ladies and gentlemen, I'm thinking about getting a tattoo just there, just above the speedos, just above the banana hammock, saying caution choking hazard. LAUGHTER Ages 18 and up. Make-and-tain nuts. Wetting your bed is embarrassing as a child, but as an adult, wetting a child's bed is mortified. Women think men will pee in the sink of the toilets busy. Do you think they're ladies? Bull-****. We'll pee in the sink of its nearer. On that same subject, I've got a little time-saving tip for the gentleman in the room, little time-saving for you. I don't wash my hands after I've been to the toilet. What I do is I wash my **** in the morning and then I'm good for the day. LAUGHTER So I can see the women are thinking, oh, please, and the men are thinking, why didn't I think about it? I saw a story in the local paper about an 84-year-old man marrying a 93-year-old woman. Is it wrong that I looked at that and thought, past not gonna last? I've got a friend she's being classified by her own doctor. She went to her own doctor. He classified her as being morbidly obese. That's an unnecessarily harsh term, isn't it? morbidly obese. As if she doesn't have enough on her plate. LAUGHTER She told me she had a thyroid problem. I said, what are you taking for that? Pies? LAUGHTER There are 10 million obese children in America today. 10 million obese children. Do you realise if they all jumped up and down at the same time? They might lose a little bit of ****ing weight. Of course, the environment is the big issue these days, isn't it? A carbon footprint is a metaphor for the mark you leave on the earth as you walk through your lives. Of course, I don't have one because I drive everywhere. LAUGHTER And it is twice as bad if you're Christian because you've got Jesus traipsing alongside you. LAUGHTER I fantasise about having sex with a gymnast. Not just but, sorry, that's more information than anyone wanted. I fantasise about having sex with a gymnast. Not just because they're really bendy and flexible and you could do loads of extraordinary positions. But also because I imagine they do a brilliant dismount. LAUGHTER They end up by the side of the bed like that. LAUGHTER And if they bend their knees even just a little bit, you can make them do it again. LAUGHTER I can see there are quite a few couples in. Have you all had the sexual history conversation? The sexual history conversation is the conversation that happens about six months into the relationship where the woman says to the man, I'd like to know about your sexual history. And the man says, oh, you **** wouldn't. But the woman just asks once and then move on. She keeps on asking and asking and asking until she gets the result. I had this recently, I was cornered, I had to have the sexual history conversation. I had to list every woman I'd ever been with. From the girl I lost my virginity to, right the way up to her. And that is where I should have stopped. Ladies and gentlemen, I've been Jimmy Carr. Thank you very much indeed. Thank you. APPLAUSE MUSIC MUSIC
What's your hands together for Dan Stoner? One more. How are you guys? All right, I believe it. Good to be in Boston. I'm just trying to get punched in the face later. That's all I want. That's all I want. This one has a good scent. The not-get-punch-in-the-face by some guy named Sully. That's all I want. You want a comedian tag? You're funny. How f**king you. Bram! It's a good night. It was a good night till that happened. Let you guys know about my backstory. I am the product of a single parent. I don't think you're supposed to woo at that. I don't think that's a wooable thing. Hey, my husband left me. Woo! I was just saying whenever it's said in a bitchy tone like that, it always means single mom. Always. Because no one complains about being raised by a single dad. You can't. It looks so much fun. Playboys all over the house. You could eat waffles for dinner. Watch rated art movies on a school night. You're basically just like a mini-wing man the whole time. That's all you want. Your dad takes you out of happy hours. He's like, hey, do something cute. So pops can get some strange. Good idea, old man. Good idea. I was raised by a single mom, which basically made me a f**king f**king f**king footsie pajamas. That's what I was. I took a lot of dick away from that lady in the 80s, and I feel bad. It's the grossest sense I've ever said in my life. It's a hard film topology. I mean it. I didn't know what dating was. It was five of my mom started dating. Some guy would come over and say cool, a new roommate. Don't touch my sh**. By the time I was seven, I was like a grizzled vet. I was the one answering the door, smoking a Winston. I was just all confident like, what's up, chief? You're here for the old lady? Right on. Quick secret. You buy me an interturtle toy. I'll go get lost in that garage for an hour. Get you some alone time. She loves red wine. She still does. It's a delicious drink. I used to raise my single mom out of deal with babysitters a lot. Which was fun for the most part. Except once. My mom let this teenager in my neighborhood name Darren watch me. Oh, don't worry. He didn't f**k. It's not one of those stories. I wouldn't do that to you guys. It's a nice night out. I'm not trying to take it all one man showy. Dim the lights and sit on a stool. That's when I lost feelings. Darren decided it was a good idea to let me at eight years old watch Stephen King's it. Yeah, he brainwraped me. That's why you can't let an eight year old with an active imagination watch a Stephen King movie. I just thought it was real. I just thought that happened to people. I was like, oh, shit. Apparently there's a clown that can turn into a spider. All right. You're going to have to look after that for the rest of my life. That will be terrifying me to the point that I would not leave my bedroom at night for three months. What I'm trying to tell you half drunk studio audience is for three months when I was eight years old. I peed in the heating vent to my own bedroom. I'm sort of war criminal. I just pulled my dick Tracy pajamas down. I was like, the bad man's in the hall. I'm not embarrassed by that. I'm not. I'm more ashamed of the fact that I thought I was going to get away with it. Because I did it in the spring. Forgot. I think most of you know where this is going. I think I'd chill in the house. My mom turned on the heat and my room smelled like a bus stop in the middle of July. Just stank like hot piss constantly. Even the point my mom was like, what the f*** is that smell? You're a homeless man living in your closet? No mom. You want to know what that smell is? It's the smell of fear and irresponsible parent- egg. Do some background checks. I'm 29 now. Not for the sake of the joke. I'm actually 29 at this moment. Which sucks. 29 sucks. No one tells you what's going to suck. People in their 30s and 40s complain. They should. Because their lives are almost over. Just go ahead and die. I need walking room. All right. No. You shouldn't applaud. That's everyone in their 20s is like, f*** you. You dick. 29 sucks because 29 is the end of fun without being judged for it. At 29 you and your fun friends stop partying and start having addictions. That's what I call it. Can't get drunk on a Monday without raising some eyebrows. Oh shit. It's just weird to me that things that in my early 20s that used to make me cool now make people nervous. I used to get drunk before class in college and I was like, this guy is f***ing awesome. He's hammered before intro to Roman lit. That's an 8am class. Now if I could drunk before work everyone's like, hey. Are you cool? You need to talk? No, I'm still awesome. No, no you're not. You're almost homeless. I think drinking is, I know drinking is, if you do it too much it is a bad thing. But at also at the same time it's a good thing. I think you understand life better if you get shit faced all the time. Everyone that class will be in a program. And in here. Programs. Finding God, getting chips. I'm just saying I understand a lot of things better because I'm a hard drinker. Like homelessness. I get it. I get it now. When I was a kid and I saw homeless people I was just like, why are you outside? Go inside. But now that I've been a booze bag for 12 years, every time I see a homeless person I'm just like, oh man. You were probably so much fun 10 years ago. Here's a quarter for your Kickstarter. Is it mean now? Kind of. And I'm single at 29, which sucks. I know really guy. That's the voice of the saddest man in the world. It's like someone brought it up. Someone else. Like I know why I'm single because I always dress like I'm in a Pearl Jam cover band. What's up everybody? Thank you for coming out. We are Jeremy. It sucks being single at 29 because it's like, which way do I go? Do I go older or younger? Like I know 18 to 22. I know that's done. I can't fight in that weight class anymore. I can't compete. 18 to 22 year old girls live different lives. They get things for being young and hot. They're like, I want to be on a boat. They're on a boat. Like that should just happen. Just manifest. What's France like? And they live there for three months rent paid. Very frustrating. I think I'm at a different stage in my life. I think right now I'd rather just try to bang a 47 year old mother of three. They could tell me what zeppelines like live. Like that's what I want. Stories. History. I like older women. You can talk to older women. You can have deep conversations with older women. You can't talk to young girls. They changed language. They f*** up the English language. They started abbreviating all of their words. It's a real thing now. I heard a girl once go, oh, that's delish. Where's the rest of that word? You know, confusing that is to be at a bar, having a decent conversation with a girl. She randomly turns to her friend and she's like, I just got back from VK. It was totes ab-fab. What? Did you have a brain injury? Why are you talking like that? If that girl keeps that up 20 years from now, all of her conversations are going to be like, that's a fa, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. So, how? And by the way, that is just me doing job of the hut in a bimbo voice. He does the harnawa soror, that's all that is. I understand, like, older women are easy to approach. They're better to hang out with, they have no ego. That's the best thing. All the women are like, hey, what's up, junior? Hey, how are you? You want to f***ing? Yeah, that'd be awesome. Young women have too much ego, because they get hit all the time by douchebags. So, they have to build up that ego, it's like a deterrent system. Like, I've seen it. Like, young, beautiful women walking around bars bragging about negative personality aspects. Just walking around like, look out for me, I'm a b***g. I'm such a b***g. And every guy's like, yeah, of course you are. You're young and hot. You get thirsty? Probably get thirsty being a b***g. It's a luxury older women don't have. You can't be 44 and frumpy. Walking around like, I'm such a b***g. I'm a b***g. No lady, you're alone, that's what you are. That's why you're getting hammered in a bowling alley. That's why I'm hitting on you. You're the weakest gazelle. A living Queen's, New York. Alright, let's calm down. It's affordable. Six weeks ago, I spotted a hipster. If you don't know about hipsters, what they are is they're the human version of bedbugs. If you see one, there's probably 40 more under your bed judging your music. A lot of people hate hipsters. I don't. I respect them. Because they move into the most dangerous neighborhoods. And force everybody out. Some gangster shit. It's actually just white people being white people. We've been doing it for centuries. They're even starting to look like old Spanish conquistadors, who are dumb moustaches. Next thing you know, they're starting wearing those metal helmets carrying swords. And the Duke of the Housing Projects. Glue them free cupcakes forever and ever. Bring me the first Strokes album. On Final. I just don't want them messing up my neighborhood. I love my neighborhood. I have my favorite barbecue restaurant. I go there all the time. I go to the neighborhood hipsters and change that. I'm afraid one day I'm going to go in and try to get some barbecue. Behind the counter is going to be some kid in skinny jeans. Bloody holly glasses. Wear a scarf even though it's August. He's going to take one look at me. We don't serve barbecue here anymore. All we serve is kale. Kale cakes. Kale shakes. And our waiters are cats. And we just put trays on their backs. So if you want to order and put some catnip down, you're in Mr. Nibbles' section. It's rescue. Welcome to kittens and kale. Just don't like pretentious people. If you have a cause good for you but don't be pretentious about it, I read a news article recently about a group of animal rights activists that went and protested a makeup factory because they said that this factory was testing makeup on animals which is f***ing hilarious. Are you serious? Someone gets paid to put lips. They're going to chimp. Sign me up right now. A quick comedy. Or a hundred hours a week. You let me smoke weed at lunch? I won't even join a union. I'm going to get a job. Chuckle and collect my check. Why would you protest factory workers? Those guys don't make the decisions. They hate their job. And on top of that they have to explain their job to their friends. Having a beer after work and it was like, what's wrong? Tough day? We tried the new Midnight Plum Mask Air on a chicken. I don't think she liked the way she looked. It's going to be a long week and red line. Everyone's got causes. Maybe I am just a hunk of shit. I just personally believe that I feel guilty. I feel like we're ruining everything. If you're under 30, you and I are slowly ruining everything. That's the part of the problem. They applaud when you say shit like that. You're a f**king world. We ruin the tattoo. We ruined it. If you're a white guy under 25 and you're covered in tattoos, I'm probably not afraid of you. That's not how that's supposed to work. If you're over 70 and you have tattoos, I'm f**king terrified of you. That's the old man with a faded anchor on his forearm. That man's watched death. Telling me I'm supposed to be afraid of some 19-year-olds. Armed, covered in seaweed tattoos. Taking an hour to explain what's on his body. Well, life's a journey. And that's why I have a coy fish. Because it symbolizes peace. Shut up Caleb. No one cares. You're a barista. Not a member of the Yakuza. Been waiting a half hour for this coffee. That might have happened too. My generation removed all the threatening elements of tattoos. When I see old people with tattoos, I immediately think of threatening things. This old man has been to war or prison. I see a young person with tattoos and I'm like, I don't know. You're probably a vegan. Maybe a freelance blogger. You were definitely in a failed band. That I know for sure. This is weird. I feel like we feel we're so important and yet we turn around and treat older generations in this country awful. We do. We blatantly disrespect our elders because they can't keep up with our technology. We've all this brand new technology in the last 10 years. They don't know how to use it. So we talk shit right to their face. You don't have a Gmail account, Grandma. How do you not have a Gmail account? I was born during the Great Depression. I remember when straws were invented. My man can't turn on an iPad. Man, how can you not turn on an iPad? Hey kid, are you still a f***ing guy that killed Nazis? I'm pretty sure my vagina changed history. Man, it's feel like, you know, everything's getting shittier, kids, their musical tastes. I just want to hear a bunch of beeps and boops now. I can't get down with that music. I like music because music makes me think about my life. It makes me reflect. It's always been that way. First song that ever made me do that was Michael Jackson's Man in the Mirror. Yeah, it should. It's an unbelievable song. Problem is, the first time I heard that song, I was five years old. It's a weird age to be reflective. Just sitting in the backyard watching the sun go down like, ah, get your shit together kid. You're a half a decade old. Can't go to sleep without a night light. You don't even know your own address. My mom walks in the backyard, she's like, Dan, what are you doing? What am I doing? What are we doing, Trish? You're renting. Why don't you pull your shit together? I'll be in the sandbox thinking of options. Thank you guys very much. You guys were all beautiful. Thank you. Thank you.
Last time I was here I let the audience know I only wear these glasses so white people can trust me. It works like a charm. I'm serious like right now if you all were a jury this would be it not guilty verdict easy. This nigga's going to jail. This nigga better remember a number too. He's doing some time. I get to second chance for sure. Last time I was here what I didn't mention is that I don't only wear these for white people I wear these for my people too. These glasses I look like a youth bastard. That comes in handy in the hood. I live in LA I could be in a wrong neighborhood right. I'm a big shug now you looking nigga from the back they might run up on me to ask me where I'm from. You know what I mean? They're like hey nigga where you from? I just turned around like St. Lupin Church of Christ. You got time for the Lord? It works every time. It works every time. I got to invest more into these these are from my topic. I can't see shit with these. I need something stronger than this. These ain't gonna cut it man. I need like some lens crafters shit. You know what I mean? Something that's just gonna satisfy. Any white people in there got glasses I could borrow. Okay my brother right there he's not afraid. He's like I'll get sickle cell fuck it. You mind passing my Jeffrey? Oh man these are the real deal I feel the whiteness in these. Look at this cheap bullshit you can you mind holding these Kelly? I like your hair the Cullio hair is cancel culture. These are real deal man this I feel the whiteness in this shit. Man oh. I don't think you're supposed to give me these man. I have white man vision now. I see the world do a white man's eyes. What's all this shit floating around in the air? Man it looks like opportunity it's everywhere. It's an abundance. I gotta take these off this getting dangerous. I got the sudden urge getting the submarine to see the Titanic. That's bad thing. So that's sickle cell man it's on the house. Thank you Kelly. What's her real name by the way I don't want to be racist. Is what? I was close courted. Of course it's courted me right? Oh man. Just a warning though these glasses don't work on every race. Like Indian people. Indian parents over 50 are extremely racist. Every time my Indian friends have brought me home their parents look at me with disappointment and disgust. You know what I mean? They're like this is not why we came to America. You need to hang out with whites. No it's the look. They give me didn't they have a secret meeting in the other room? And they speak Hindi aggressively and it's like racial. I can't understand it but I just can feel the tension. They're in the other room like oh do do do do do do do do do do. Now no I know that's a racially offensive impression of Indian people speaking Indian. But in my defense that's a racist impression of someone saying something racist. So it balances itself out. Then saying do do do do do do translates to get that thing out of my house. I'm gonna call somebody ban short call eyes like it's I've earned that right. I think our culture man one can't so crazy. I don't believe you can cancel large groups of people. Individuals are fine. I think there's not a risk to canceling groups of people. I don't like spiders they creep me out. But I can't get rid of every spider right. I can't kill off every spider because it a mess up the ecosystem. I think the same could be said about Karen's. I think it's 2020 we killed off way too many Karen's. And now the homeless are out of control. The homeless have run a month. And it's because we killed off their natural predator you know what I mean? We got rid of the only people in our society evil enough to call the police on the homeless. I'm not gonna do it. I need a Karen to be evil so I can continue to look like a good liberal. You know what I mean? I have some balance of things. I can see it now. Karen to be outside harassing the homeless with the police. I come out there like hey racist bitch. You forget one over there. He's hiding. I know those jokes are problematic. So thank you guys for laughing. I'm personally proud of those last few jokes because AI can't write that shit. You ready me? That shit is AI proof. Could you imagine typing that in like tell me an Indian joke. I'm like no shut it down immediately. All that stuff has me concerned. AI, global warming, not a government is just exposing aliens and shit. Like before I go to therapy I just want to know is the world ending or not. Because I don't want to waste my time in therapy becoming a better person. When I could be learning more useful skills like par core. You know what I mean? Like I'm afraid when the world ends I won't know how to hunt or pull the trick on the rifle. But I know all my emotional triggers. I'll know what triggers me. Like what if I'm attacked by grizzly bear right? He gets up on his hind legs like. It my only defense is honestly bro I think you're protecting. I think there's some cub blood trauma you need to dress. I don't have any useful skills for the end of the world. Before comedy I worked at Taco Bell. I still know how to make a crunch wrap supreme. 12 inch tortilla heated up for five seconds on each side. One scoop of beef, pump a cheese. Take a toast to side the shelf. Put it on top of the swirls. There's even more to the beef and cheese in the center when you bite to it. Circle pump saw a cream for a finger, let a three finger, tomato. Wrap it up like a semi octagon, grill it for 17 seconds and serve. That is a huge fucking skill I present. Please don't condescend please. The only way to ask skill is be useful is I don't know. We're attacked by like an alien life force. And NASA finds out that the aliens really love Taco Bell. And they're like we need an expert to go in the outer space. And wrap a nuclear bomb in a crunch wrap supreme. They come find me, I'm living in the log cabin off the grid. I'm like I don't do that anymore I can't. That's the only thing I do it for a country. I go back to the NASA training ground, they got scientists floating around the zeogravity. But they don't know the first thing about making real authentic Taco Bell. So I'm like look if we do this mission I do it under two conditions. We do it my way with my crew. Now we got to ride around getting the old gang back together for one last mission. Save mankind. People on my list are qualified experts in their field but NASA is a little suspicious of them. The first one is Maria, she's pregnant with a third child. They're like what do we need with a pregnant teenage girl? I was like we need someone to work the registers alright Maria's the best in her field. The next guy is Philip, he's a 54 year old white man addicted to mess. They're like what do we need with a 50 year old white man authentic? I was like we need a store manager. Now please this mission is time sensitive.
From New York City, Comedy Central presents Laura Keiklicker Come on, this old... You know, I would, honestly, I'd like to make a meaningful connection with you tonight. By meaningful, I mean, does anyone have weed? Alright, I'll see you later. Actually, my objective tonight is to make a connection with you in between commercial breaks. And this is how I'm planning on doing it. I thought I would just be honest and show you what I look like. This is me. This is how I look without makeup or skin or muscle tissue. And I know some of you guys are probably saying, that's not bad. I actually prefer the natural skulls to the real hard fake ones. And for that, I thank you. I guess, you know, I'm really, despite what this might look like, I'm not a big drinker. But I think, you know, you've got to admit, today was a perfect day to stay inside and drink. I mean, it wasn't any... And yesterday was even better. This past decade, you know, we couldn't have asked for better drinking weather. In fact, according to the drinker's almond act, this is the best political climate for drinking since 1825, which coincidentally was the last time we had the son of a former president in office. It was John Adams's son, John Quincy, or Q, as they called him. And I just think, you know, by electing... Just to me, you know, electing W proves that Americans are suckers for family businesses, no matter how dysfunctional or incompetent. You know, Bush and Son, leading America to war since 1990. Yeah. Feels right. Just feels good. Whenever Republicans are in office, you see the word, Sodomy, in the newspaper. Personally, I've never been interested in backdoor sex. You know why? Because it's all I can do to keep the front entrance nice for company. I am. You know, sweeping the walk, trimming the hedge. And I'm one of these women. I keep the Christmas lights up on my snitch all year round. And you know, it's because, you know, what if people are in from out of town? You know, there aren't lights anywhere else in my body. Actually, my boyfriend and I, this was kind of a... My girlfriend and I? My girlfriend and I were talking about getting married. No, I do have a boyfriend. Yeah. I've got a boyfriend at home and one on the way. We were talking about getting married. And you know what? Really, I don't know why I want to. I'm not, you know, sentimental or religious or even straight. But I just... Yeah, I think for me, there's just... You know, it would mean something to be able to call friends and relatives and say, it's official. You know, we can start referring to it as spousal abuse. I want to really share something with you tonight. You know, a lot of people think what I do is difficult. And at the risk of ruining my own mistake, I'm going to just break it down for you. I'm going to share with you the first three steps of my patented system of comedy, of how to be a stand-up called 10 Steps to Funny. And this is how you can all be a stand-up if you want to. I'm just going to show you how you do it. Okay, now first of all, this is what I do. Step number one is mental preparation. And what I do before I hit the stage, I concentrate on the obvious similarities between stand-up and sex. So, okay, the mic is shaped like a penis. Now, when I come out here and I take the mic, it's like grabbing a penis. And for the first few seconds, you know, I feel sexy and in control. And then that feeling is quickly replaced by, I f***ed, how long is this going to take? Um... Step two. Telling jokes. You know, people say to me, Laura, I'm not only humorless. I'm dumb too. Now, how am I going to come up with something funny to say? Well, guess what? You don't have to. Because remember, if it sounds funny, it is funny. Now, I've been doing stand-up for over a decade, and I've written four, maybe five jokes. Because... I want... You know what? Why bust a nut when you have something called a newspaper? Thanks. You just pick up a newspaper, find a headline, and riff on it. Okay, see what we've got. Alright, for example. Alright, Iraq has not provided accurate information on short-range rocket. Tell me about it. Am I right, ladies? They think three inches is this, okay? What are we going to do with these guys, ladies? Okay, and you check in with the ladies and the men in the audience. That's what you do. Bush doesn't deliver. This one does. Pipe me hot. To your front door in 30 minutes or the pie's on me. See? See how simple it is? You just take something in your riff on it. Now, what if you're not interested in current events? Then what? Step three. You use the audience. You make them laugh at themselves. Okay? Alright, here we go. So, how many white people we have in the audience tonight? Do you like people? White people are different. Now, you guys are cool. You're cool, but and you're friendly until I'm standing behind you in the ATM line, then you're all like, thinking I'm going to be robbing you and stealing your s**t. In the punching bag. I ate them You know, my mom, she plays this torture as a game with me. She calls me on the phone. She calls me on the phone and she tells me she saw a movie and she doesn't know the name of the movie or anyone in it. And so she starts with, while we saw a movie last night with what's her face, I'm like, mom, don't please, I'm begging you, don't. Everyone thinks she's pretty, but I don't think she's so pretty. I think she's got a horsey face. I don't know. Sarah Jessica Parker. No, no, it's the one with all the teeth. Julia Roberts. Yeah, so she falls in love with this guy. Oh, mom, you know, that could be anybody. No, it's the guy, you know, the guy with the accent. Hugh Grant. Yeah, yeah. Okay, okay, and then I have to do this to kind of like wrap it up a moment. Okay, you know what? I know what you saw. I think I saw this movie myself. This is the one where Julia puts her hand in a bowl of bacon grease and then she fists Hugh Grant. She says, I don't remember that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you saw pretty runaway fist. That's what you saw. No, I don't think that was it. Yes, it was. And then she keeps going, you know what? You know what we were going to see, but it was sold out. Mom, can you hold on two seconds? Just, I just want to see if this rope is going to be strong enough to hold me. Yeah, I'm sorry, go on. What were you going to see, but it was sold out. We were going to see. And she goes on, you know what we were going to see? We were going to go see the movie with that girl that everybody thinks is really cute, but I don't think she's that cute. I have no idea. Well, she's really plain looking. Actually, she kind of looks like you. Sandra Bullock. Yeah, and then she falls for this guy, you know, and he's got an accent. Oh, Christ, mom, it's Hugh Grant. It's always Hugh Grant. It's always going to be Hugh Grant. No matter what you're seeing, no matter what you do, it's Hugh Grant. Ma, are you, it's break, ma, or... And ma... I don't pretend that the phone's going out when I'm talking to my mother. I really don't. Okay, sometimes I do. But I do that as one thing I really like about cell phones is I can't... Me? Can you... That's f***ing given away a big secret now. Now I can't do that anymore, probably. But I probably will. I'm very close to my mother. And well, in fact, I slept with my mother until I was nine years old. And I, yeah, I mean, it was okay for the first few years, and then I don't know what happened. It just, you know, I just couldn't do it anymore. Just sleeping with the same woman night after night, boring. I guess I, you know, I'm not, I'm not pro-family, I'll be honest. I seem like the warm snuggly pro-family type, but I'm not. And I don't understand why people procreate when there are kids here already who need to be exploited, ignored and abused. What about these kids? But I'll tell you something. You know what really chaps my ass? Are the people who take fertility drugs? You know, and when you see them interviewed, they say, it's a blessing. God wanted us to have eight healthy two-pound babies. Well, I say, what about when they weren't able to have kids in the first place? How could God be any clearer than that? You know, that was a sign from God that your particular line is one that he's trying to phase out. And you know, instead of letting him cut his losses, you take a pill and begin the genetic freak show. And you know, when I hear about women giving birth to five kids or more, I can't even wrap my head around it. I just imagine that there's a woman somewhere lying in a garage on a towel, you know, with the babies crawling all over, trying to get at one of her eight nipples. You know, and friends and neighbors, you know, stop by, take a peak and inevitably, you know, a kid will beg his mother, mom, can I have one, please, please, can I have one? I promise I'll take care of it. I promise I'll take care of it. Oh, you say that now, but I know damn well. I'll be the one that winds up breastfeeding it. I'll take on a semi-serious note. You know, the women in Afghanistan still aren't safe, and I find that very upsetting. And you know, the basic things that we take for granted, like reading a book, can cost a woman over their her life. And that's why it's so important to choose the right book. I, you know, listen, I know, look, I'm only one woman, but if I could send a message to the brave Afghani women it'd be, if you read only one book before a religious nut throws acid in your face, make sure it's Elizabeth Taylor, my love affair with jewelry. You know, come on. It's very empowering. And women need to hear it, you know, women need to. I had a massage a couple of days ago and it still hurts, like my neck hurts and my back hurts. And I was just like, God, I hope it was a massage. If it wasn't then, it was the most embarrassing fight I've ever been in. You know what I enjoy, since it's just us? I like baseball movies. I mean, what is it? You know, we think about it. What is it about a sucky underdog team training hard and then winning five minutes before the end of a movie that just never gets old? You know, it's a delight again and again. Because America loves an underdog. They love surprisingly agile, you know, fairly attractive f***, like gump. That's what we love. So I decided to make some money this year and I'm going to write a screenplay combining these two concepts. Hopefully it'll be the feel good movie to end all feel good movies as if that could happen. But it's about a f*** baseball team who are the laughing stock of the league until a boozy coach teaches them everything he knows. Then the team miraculously comes from out of nowhere to win the championship and it's called nobody's out. Looks for you. I don't fare very well with humans. You know, and even when I put, you know, when I put forth the effort, it's still sort of backfires, blows up my face. I was, my way to a deli and I was just picking up an order because I'm a big TV writer now and I've got a lot of cash. I was picking up an order and I'm on my way in. A street person said to me, may have some change and I said, yeah, I'll get you on the way out because all I had was a 20 to pick up this sandwich. So I go in, I get my order and I come back out and I give the guy the change and he said, oh, I thought you were going to give me a sandwich. And I said, oh, I thought you'd want the money for alcohol. Well, I guess we both let each other down tonight. I was reading an article about a family who lived on the money that they made from harvesting wheat. And I would say because, you know, when there was a drought and they couldn't afford to eat, they were forced to beg their neighbors for food. Just then as I'm finishing the article, I get a call from the tile store. Find out these tiles from my bathroom that were imported from Italy that there were going to be a couple of days late and I was thinking, oh, my God, two days late is going to throw off everything that I'd plan for in the house. Maybe the terrorists won after all. I'm getting all these clothes. And then I thought, wait a minute, I'm just like that family. You know, I mean, they've got their wheat crap and I've got my tile crap. You know, we all go through our stuff. You know, it's just like no matter who you are or where you live, you're going to have hardship, you know. It's just part of being human. Really. Thank you very much. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night.
As far as retirements go this one has clearly hit rock bottom but now what a wonderful place to be and look at all of the beautiful people question is who in their right mind to come from three years this why you need more than your hair done up in the mayor of who you be a style or a cape lovely for me i always have a secret weapon you my welcome to 2012 got that look around ladies and gentlemen 2012 is upon us and bitch niggas ain't happy about it i got to tell you why first of all how many people has happened that Barack Obama is the president of these united states of america now understand how that could be a divisive issue but american about division got them it felt united and never have white people and black people been so united and disgusted at the same goddamn time as we are right now white people let me say this in front of niggas we have had a black president for quite some time right now and we have not had an opportunity as niggas to thank you white people for the fact that you have let our commander in chief a niggle run this goddamn country we appreciate that you didn't kill him you left the niggas short to work with thank you very much white people understand that from niggas now what you need to understand white people is we have been confused ever since the niggas got elected we don't know what the fuck is going on we working on take white people understand when a niggas take office as niggas we have a meat the white people as niggas we had a meat we decided we was going to support it now as a nigger it is hard for us to not talk shit about what our mother fuckers doing oh his goddamn job that's kind of our shit is to talk shit about what you should be doing now niggas somehow swallowed on it and niggas supported Obama every step on a goddamn way and in the beginning we was talking with base in our boys and using gestures and stomping our feet and shit to look how long did it take you motherfuckers to run this country in the goddamn ground now you will this niggas to do magic that was us eight months after election that was us four months after that we had lost all the base in our boys with it look we don't know what this niggas doing but he's trying okay you got to get this niggas chance we don't know what the fuck you working with right now white people let me just tell you on behalf of niggas nobody watches a presidential speech honor the niggas we be waiting on this nigger to say anything that had something to do with us sweet white people I've been so proud of y'all y'all have become niggas in this recession the way I knew you could oh look at white people look at me they can't niggas oh yes oh we all niggas now you didn't know that you didn't hear about the 99 percent that's niggas not gonna be about race no more in 2012 it's bigger than that ain't about white and black no no ain't about that it's about you versus damn damn versus us we versus damn and fuck they motherfuckin asses before we begin now understand this white people you cannot confuse the facts you only voted for this nigger because he was kind of a nigger he was no poor pledge nigger you want to put no whole nigger here the goddamn white house and now you want to blame this nigger for not doing nigger this shit he never gets angry he never raises his calls he's just not strong enough he won't you want him to be a nigger I don't think he wanted to be a nigger I don't I don't think you ready to see Michelle Obama come to the news conference in flip-flops I don't think you ready to white people you have to understand we all in this together as black people we didn't know what the fuck was going to happen all we knew was it was time for some shit to happen that's all we knew you have to forgive us in the fact that we voted for a nigger to be a superhero and forgot to ask the could he fly white people you need to understand how ready niggers was the day after the election you'll never understand we was ready for anything that nigger could have saved anything we was at the house in double Dutch mode to that nigger could have saved anything Barack Obama could have came out the next day after the election and said I want all niggers to go outside and clean up trash and it had been gang bangers all over Inglewood I don't think you want to drop that right there today my nigger you understand what I'm saying well no what the fuck going on we just wait no no Obama to give us our word we'd have been waiting so long that niggers could give us anything right now that niggers could give niggers free small fries every 14th Thursday and that would be good enough but white people won't we ain't gonna let you do talk about this nigger like he ain't a child of God this nigger been out there doing his goddamn job I tell you one thing I do seem to remember that for eight years we couldn't find the same one goddamn terrorists we was looking for I said one goddamn terrorists that we was looking for I said one goddamn terrorists that we was looking for and my goddamn president done killed every goddamn terrorists that ever got damn lit you say what you're wrong you have seen them I'm not saying if you're putting it in the White House you won't fuck up the credit of the country but if you want some terrorists you get yourself a nigger Barack Obama didn't have to send in the army and the Navy and the Coast Guard Barack Obama sent three motherfuckers in killed every terrorist just won the shoot him and do the pose just back back the land of the free we'll give fuck about none of that bullshit I thought president Bush said that Osama bin Laden was the axis was the axis of evil I thought he said he was the ELSE bomb him's there from my Spanish friends shatan LDR blue not my motherfucking president not president found that motherfucker in an unfairness one bad room apartment with two goddamn mattresses no backboard one bitch no phone no gun three laptops and a smartphone it's some drug dealers in here tonight got that in the escalator nah nah you know what if I put America baby all the terrorists gone what a fucking Saddam Hussein oh he was a dictator for 40 years they pulled that motherfucker out of a eight-foot hole with a twinkie a ding dong and a King James version of the Copeland Bible that didn't came out the hole looking like me with no permanent mugshot you better believe it dude said you're ugly yeah you're supposed to think that fact I don't do this shit for what men think we're all men we all think like men but I'll tell you one thing if you want to know something that I'll sustain you let me show you a little secret as to what gives me the strength to say fuck Satan right in his motherfucking face ladies would you make some motherfucking noise one time well well sweet baby Jesus yes fellas 2012 you got you a girl time to stop fucking around 2012 it's a goddamn fourth court whatever decision you fucking made is done now now ladies that on the platter y'all I understand some of y'all might be in here with a stepping stone nigga you know somebody to get you through till you see yourself yeah none wrong with that but 2012 has come and they got some surprises for us and you're gonna have to make sure you've got something in your life that belong to you so shit they give a fuck about you when I'm saying fellas if you got a woman that's special in your life put the games on hold for a second and fuck this bitch like your neither and you got damn life just fuck her like your neither then you got damn life case the world come doing in on 2012 now ladies ladies we need y'all come on back home oh I understand some of you ladies don't go inside yourself we didn't say shit we saw it happening we didn't say shit we saw y'all going off to the little freaking nasty little dirty little sneaky freaking little nasty store and we saw your purchase in yourself items for 24 29 39 95 and we know you got yourself a rabbit and a bullet and a bullet would a rabbit and they don't know what a ladies but time to bring your ass back home for 2012 some of y'all them fucked your whole clitoris up fucking round look at the ladies some of you ladies have fucked your entire vagina up being greedy just because you have something that can hit your spot every time bitch does not mean you got to hit that motherfucker 136 times oh target just fuck your whole goddamn clitoris up that's fellas we remember your clitoris the way it used to be we remember when that motherfucker was so shy it wouldn't even come out to hood jat had to get down there talk sweet to it and shit you just come on out of there I'll say you in there now you don't hit that motherfucker so many times that bitch is all outside of your clitoris just outside of the camera cold pushing the lambia back that's your clitoris is scaring my penis you can't even you my only point is it's time to get your shit together it don't matter what you got in your life is fucked up that's what the fuck you got 2012 coming and they're not gonna tell us to shit we need to know that's why we all got to work together white people we need y'all to remember that y'all are here with us you love Mexicans and niggas and don't act like you don't look at them on the spot I certainly do white people this is gonna be important 2012 is coming they say it is gonna be the end of the world and white people we know how y'all do when y'all get some goddamn information don't nobody know white people don't never leave they just disappear niggas we gotta be careful in 2012 they trying to fuck us over as black people we never leave on time brok people we never leave as both of us we always got too much shit too many ends to put together not rich people rich people get they shit find out something's fucked up and they leave and I speak for niggas and niggas ain't got nowhere to go damn go white people if the terrorists truck everybody from Ireland can go right back to Ireland everybody from England go right back to drink and a hundred Canadians all the way what about niggas we gotta go to our grandma my house and figure out how many many bands we even got in the family it's coming down 2012 white people we gonna need you to tell us what the fuck is going on they ain't gonna tell us on BNT about the end of the goddamn world just understand what I'm saying the video still gonna be planned they're not even gonna put shit down at the bottom niggas look outside the world is ended nothing every time I see my president it looked to me like they don't told that niggas some shit he can't fucking tell us every time you see Obama he looking like that understand we already killed all the terrorists ain't no fucking more they beat the shit out of more macha doctors ask please tell me you saw what happened to mua mark a daffy that motherfucker was the president of his country and thanks to Facebook they gave this they gave this one for a beaten niggas what name familiar with it's hard to impress niggas would get you to ask what as niggas we've seen it going all kinds of ways never in the history of niggas have we ever seen the motherfucker get his ass worked all the way to an execution you beat this thing as I asked to kill it you could have just killed him y'all sara's interventions you and seeing the nation seeing the insane they wouldn't go show it while they were showing it in slow motion and put some titles under this bitch so you can understand what he was saying clearly how pit you're killing me I'm the president they beat that niggas like comrad merida michael jackson concert 2012 is for real they said the mions was talking about 2012 then they said the mions disappeared I'm here to tell my people this time to stop believing bullshit just because a motherfucker tell you bullshit with a straight look on their face we too old we too smart we too motherfucking good to believe shit don't make no fucking sense you too old to be believing in evolution with your stupid mother fucking ass evolution say people came from muckets and the question is why is there still muckets you dumb motherfucker you is he the retarded muckets they didn't turn into people just yet get your stupid ass to fuck out of here finna be 2012 and you better believe something or nobody give a fuck what you believe you better believe something if there's any atheists in the house let me say you stupid motherfuckers I don't care what god you believe in you gotta be a special kind of retarded to be too stupid to make up a god if there wasn't won't Paul bang who do you even pray to nobody even when you're fucking what do you fuck you can't even come what do you say when you come a this oh oh oh nothing that's right that's what you believe in you can't 2012 coming we already ready been ready I don't care what you believe in believe in something why people let me tell you this every time you see a nigger that does not mean that nigger has been endorsed by other niggers why people let me stand here in front of all these niggers and say publicly we were so motherfucking embarrassed when herman black diminutive cricket ass cane came after god damn what work white people do you see us look at niggers we we had no idea white people we had no and some white people looking at me like will you tell me I'm fucking big no no we didn't clear that nigger peep did not play at this white people didn't know about to know this nigger this nigger white people let me say when niggers found out what this nigger's qualification was for running the country when we found out this nigger sold pizza let me use your word white people we were flabbergasted they all destiny of this nigger you don't get your good pizza selling ass on somewhere herman niggers that had a hard enough time trying to got down stick up for baroque you come herman can't stupid ass nigger you can't be no god damn president nigger your name is herman can't that's two reasons you can't be president nigger your first name is herman nigger you can't be president of your name is herman nigger say it three times herman herman herman listen to that we already had a famous herman he was a monster nigger you can't be no god damn president how about you soul some god damn pizza the whole you didn't sell it to niggers white people we never heard we got them godfather's pizza let alone have a slice that name didn't beaten down with those down with those been beaten the dog shit out of that goddamn pizza place he gave him beat little seasons and little seasons and he never wear he's showing gonna beat papa John that motherfucker's own crack or something he he won't make the pizza deliver the pizza eat the pizza be in the commercial papa John you're gonna be able to beat him herman your last name is can you kill a bone nigger you don't get the fuck up out of here fucking it up for niggers whoo white people won't baroque Obama out of office so god damn bad oh you should hear that motherfucker's own talk radio oh they hate this nigger if they could say the word nigger oh they say everything all the hate to stick oh god damn it fucking fucking up the god damn country is what it does god damn entitlement oh poll nigger poll nigger just understand finna be 2012 the Mayans wasn't bullshit the Mayans said it was some shit out there and then suddenly the Mayans disappeared now they tell us the Mayans disappeared because they can't find none of their fucking bones but let me remind you that you can go to any motherfucking museum anywhere in the world and they got a whole 62 foot dinosaur from his nose all the way to his nut sack and his toes five billion god damn years ago oh that little company used to be in America called national standard for national air space exploration take my word for it niggas instead for going up there yeah very white people that is not what it stood for all times that would be NEAS we don't know what it's to fact of the matter is national use to report to us let us know what the fuck they was doing and 40 years they spent 500 million dollars a year send the space shuttles up bringing them back down and they used to let us see them when they took off and then when they landed we'd be right there and we say show us what you got then they started doing sneaky shit taking off the space shuttles at three o'clock in the goddamn morning and shit landing them in the middle of the night and if they nobody looking they just walk off to shh and now i'm seeing them they say they just discovered 16 new super herbs 16 new super herbs now let me speak for all niggas with I say what the fuck here's a goddamn super herb we thought this motherfucker was super the whole goddamn time look at niggas i don't believe none of this shit it's true niggas they haven't seen in the same goddamn day i was on seeing it and how the fuck could i have missed it they put the shit right up under me and blew niggas whole high just 16 new super herbs they planning on leaving us people please remember where you heard it first right at the cusp of 2012 they are planning on leaving us they got space shittles lined up with gps navigation on star because remember what i told you the 99% them was niggas and we're the original niggas rich people is tired of going on vacation seeing niggas rich people make a hundred million dollars cake escape niggas make a hundred million dollars go to Africa for safari and all they want to see is some animals niggas every way it was a niggas that let us sit at your ass ain't that a bitch look on your map when you get home look at everywhere that niggas are sure they broke sure they're hunger every last one of the niggas live right up under a palm tree on the sandy beach go ahead try to take your dumbass to Jamaica and not see niggas go the whole homies go on over there turpsen cacos see how many niggas you see go on the heading niggas niggas niggas everywhere just niggas thrown on the street just stomachs growling perfectly tanned you better believe something this ship in the come to a mother fucking in better have something to believe in if you're christian make some other fucking noise in the house if you're christian oh yes yes y'all supposed to be the most excited oh oh as long as y'all i'm heading all figured out christian spoke we walk right up to point of toilet fact of the matter is some people have been lying on jesus and he's gonna come back you're gonna be having a lot to him when he looking at you oh that shit you were talking about jesus giving the fuck about your building and fun you i bet jesus don't know what will pop your rules i bet he don't even know that he don't even know yeah you bet what we don't come back because somebody been bullshitting everybody ain't been telling the truth see all these motherfuckin gonna be talking about the end of the world because they don't want that motherfuckin to come because they know they bullshit gonna be front and center look at the Roman Catholic church that's the first church that was beautiful shit they got some of the best church you ever fucking saw even niggas stop and watch it when it come on tv just when you see just niggas we have to have like just a flash shit all alone but we be thinking of the wire came in right after them negative jesus is coming back then we find out the priest is fucking little boy in the compassion oh jesus has not gonna be happy about that you better tell us some of them news and start giving out some pussy or something because you don't have to even that up but jesus gets back he does not let me say if you try to look for a god and you ain't got one you could do a lot worse the Christianity let me tell you if you ain't got nobody to worship you could go for jesus jesus has been kicking ass for a long time jesus that is he is something else first of all i'm saying you don't never even see a picture of jesus out of focus every time you see jesus he right looking at the camera man his role is as clean as piranhas straight cut in a bob got a nice beer and let you know he ain't no pussy ain't nothing to be put around with that has something to believe in but ain't a lot of jesus is out there some of these religions got terrible gods i love the booties people they don't believe in nothing but peace and love but uh it's gonna be hard for you to get uh niggas to serve your god if he ain't been tending to the self correctly you i don't know if y'all seen Buddha before but niggas is not gonna be having to serve him i he has no beach today problem niggas is jesus would have healed that already he wouldn't even come out here with no damn shirt on and some pamphlets and shit come out jesus probably somewhere with a shake weight right now getting ready to kick Satan's ass maybe serving no Buddha that they can look like rick ross in the periphery you get to have an any wall i think a big niche jesus yes can't serve the Hindu god Hindu god that's two confusing panicked Hindu god is a woman and she's grilling and she got eight arms it's standing like this no we might want to fuck that bitch once but we're not gonna be you that have something to believe god believing something the Indians they try to make everything of god you can't play with god like that niggas don't want everything to be a god you can't have no corn god nigger there's the god of the wind and the no no it's the corn god ain't no god damn corn god mess to end in it's the god of the corn no it's not because what is that in my face is that i became i heard Mitt Romney was a Mormon and i didn't know shit about the Mormons and i looked up the book and found out they have multiple wives i heard post book that's some hip shit keep that we might need that that at my workout right there if you get that give that some powerful consideration there you know it's gonna be 2012 is about what you believe in gotta find you something to believe is about the three odds about religion relationship with protect you learn why people that is not how it's fair well getting crazy if you believe in the bible understand gotta be careful i did all this shit i was trying to find whatever religion was gonna help me i even tried rostafarian and let me tell you they had my attention let me tell you they these mums say we believe everything christians believe we just believe the higher you get the closer you are to god well i think i'd like to try that make this so high try to look at jesus wendell and shit you everybody want you to believe some shit find you something to believe in get you some people that give a fuck about you get your team together to shit don't hit the fan the bible say first shall be last i don't know but speaking for negris we have been the first at last for a long time i don't think you have a gonna be a remita set that you ain't gonna be able to outlast niggas we've been last gay people want to be niggas they want to say a civil rights no no because as a gay person you can be gay you just it's about what kind of person you are gay as a nigger we was treated like animals first then they let us put on clothes then they let us get an ambia we got to prove something for ourselves for generations like when i'm talking to mexicans i'm talking to mexicans like they're really niggas because as far as we know they're the closest to niggas we ever saw in this goddamn country we thought that was our niggas we was proud that they had a country and decided to come over here and then motherfucking way we thought that was some american shit see you got a lot of politicians to tell you we need to keep some people out ain't no motherfucking people to keep the fuck out we need everybody that's right to fuck here see what you don't understand is when you watch the news you see all of these people talking shit about america understand they talking shit about america from they little dust ass piece of shit ass country with no goddamn air conditioning and no way to get them out and do kind of snick about that ain't i got down top motherfuckers want to say we should all be equal bullshit equal to what we are better than you don't be shanning the fucking safe we're better than they are we work harder we try harder nothing beats us we have kicked this recession so motherfucking hard first of all niggas let me say we didn't even know it was a recession until they gave it a word this is it shit niggas was doing the whole time white people welcome aboard welcome aboard get yourself some top ramen that you're so comfortable this is beautiful america about what the fuck happens to you america's about what the fuck you do when the shit happens to you so now i have to come back and tell my people they've been the fuck us where you go home into your 2012 understand they already have concentration camps in the united states of motherfucking america that they've been building for four years now and the question is who in the foot is you've been to put in that we already got a person that motherfucking is so packed because at the end of the day it's all bullshit it's all bullshit white people conrad america four years and they're gonna do but two of them and motherfuckers looking at it like he got what he deserved out of fuck do you figure he got what the fuck he deserved you can murder a billionaire and get two and a half years and probation these niggas have me on six years of probation for a blunt not having lit yet understand the bullshit is hitting the band god damn it they get conrad meris motherfucking ass listen four god damn years understand white people that once was a man named plexico burris now this nigga shot his cell in the god damn leg understand that this nigga assaulted himself he didn't snitch on himself didn't turn himself in file charges against himself three whole years pinnotetry shoot yourself and I know some of y'all looking at me like you not feeling talk about micro-lock yes I am first of all let me start off by saying with all the micro-jacks and fans please make some noise in the building this evening I don't apologize often this is not a time for me to start but when I was talking I was talking about somebody live and the fact of the matter is we watched this nigga get murdered right in front of our own motherfucking face and the nigga knew it was been happened he told us and we didn't know nigga named his last tour this is it why people let me just tell you a little nigga secret if I could niggas have never said this is it in a celebratory fashion let me just say white people do it all the time this is it not niggas every time we say that we say it like this you know what niggas is it and they straight up killed that nigga killed him and gave us the most bullshit story we ever heard our entire life first I told us this nigga was a drug addict then we found out this nigga's drug was sleeping he's telling me this nigga got high and went to sleep yeah that's no drug addict something's a foul here this story don't go together I understand why people know story ends with coma but certainly no story starts with coma they started this nigga story off with coma I don't know how he would sleep I'm sure he don't sleep regular but I'm sure he was I don't know how he would sleep but I knew he slept that's it and that story is this nigga was sleeping in a coma then they say he wakes up out of his coma now understand niggas the whole thing about a coma supposed to be you can't get the fuck up from one I'll come back to that part lady so to make a wince of that the whole comrade comrade comrade Tito someone come here this is where the story gets fucked up then they say nobody there so they say he grabs the prop of and then just his mother fucking self and goes back into a coma are you telling me that a nigga would pay somebody one hundred and fifty thousand dollars a month to do some shit he can wake up out of a coma and do for himself you can kiss my mother fucking ass that's like me paying a visit or something I dick after the show and paying her girlfriend the swallow white people who was a setup we knew it as soon as we saw comrade marry because there couldn't have been no nigga to kill michael jacuz but it certainly couldn't have been no white doctor if a white doctor had a kill michael that's an innocent hundred thousand niggas in moonwalking socks the next day to ride an indanson at the same time they got that piece of shit as comrade marry add motherfucker that's what a snake look like case you want to know what a motherfucking demon look like in person look at comrade marry's mother that nigga was on trial anytime a nigga can't cry white people understand niggas either cry one or two ways not at all or all the way conrade marry was on trial for 14 weeks trying to get one out his line as I shit fucking snigger the bible say don't believe no nigga that can't say truth this nigga all on tv i am going to tell you truth i have that did that nigga have this trial and he embarrassed every nigga in the world writing the middle of the comrade marry trial we got it couldn't get no fucking worse this nigga bring out as a witness the oldest living slave we have ever seen please tell me you saw that old bitch that bitch was a hundred and thirty six goddamn years old that bitch it took us so long to get to the stand that you knew this bitch was going to tell the truth this bitch was a hundred and thirty six and her wing was brand new have the pants filled in that bitch her slave motherfucking ass bitch this bitch not on the stand how do you sit like a slave she just him time judge ask me something excuse me judge fucking judge ass as time ride marry greedy and this old decrepit bitch like greedy was the worst insult she had ever heard and have got that greedy all comrade like that show over the ass of bitch that was only problem with michael Jackson his fans was too goddamn nice nice ass michael Jackson fans letting conrade merris punk ass go to court every goddamn day with no security that's why you got to have some ghetto fans you ain't gonna be able to just kill me nigga and go to court like everything is okay it's gonna be a bitch to hit you with a brick every time you show up the court I'm here bye 10 minutes Let me let me let me just let me just take this time to say that Okay, look just cut this real quick. Talk to tell y'all something Cut. Okay No no bullshit. I don't know each of y'all personally, but I always feel a little more comfortable when I'm up here and the people is out here because at the end of the day I really was never tall even when I started. I never was really special to fucking look at but when I came to LA, Niggas acted like they understood where the fuck I was coming from and allowed the nigga to be that. So when I retired, there was a lot of things going on and I didn't want to come back and tell y'all what the fuck it was because I wanted y'all to be proud of me for some shit even if I was fucking it up but then they started to rest at a nigga so much. Understand you can only get arrested maybe six times before it ain't fun no more. I just want you to understand that if you go to TMZ you will see the fact that I've been arrested 14 times and 46 months. What I want you to understand is you have never ever in your life seen me standing in a courthouse. Now put them to TMZ together. Same name shit, everything he tried to do he loses at because he ain't shit. His people ain't shit. Nothing he likes and shit. All his people is ugly. They all stack. They was worse off. We'll fool the recession during the recession after the recession. He ain't shit and so I understand that even if they was gonna kill me for the shit I got to say I don't know why I'm still here in the first motherfucking place. What I do know is I've been waiting my whole life for 2012. I've been waiting my whole life to think that the end of the goddamn world was finna come. So now niggas let's say it don't come. Can we agree to at least act like this gonna be our last time on this motherfuckers so we can do it right. One goddamn time. What I'm telling you is bitch niggas is done. I know what you've been saying I know what you've been looking at. I know you think Tyler Perry must have 46 more gross dressing drag queen movies left in him. I'm not homiful. I am nothing against gay women at all. Power to the lesbian nation. Then we all eat pussy this evening if it's feasible. But it's time for people to stand up for what the fuck they are. Everybody can't be ashamed to tell the goddamn truth. It can't be everybody that won't say what the fuck they meant to say as soon as they get the opportunity. Christian people it's the same for y'all. If y'all so holy it's time to get motherfucking holy. If you believe in some shit make sure you got some right shit because I'm trying to tell you everybody can't be right. I say fuck bitch up at it long and everybody who ever went to his goddamn church is what I say. Fuck the choir, the choir director, the people in the choir, the niggas on drums, fuck them in the parking lot. Not because I'm homophobic but I don't think you can preach the gospel with booty on your breath. I just don't think you can. I'm not saying you can't. I don't think you can. It's not my fault. When I was eight years old they told me a bunch of stories that didn't make no sense. They put me down and sat me right in front of the Bible and told me a story about Sodom and Gomorrah. They told me it was two cities in the Bible where men lay with men. Then they said the next day God burnt the whole goddamn two cities to the ground and up to goddamn start. Now I don't know what you get out of that story. I told my brother I don't know if you are three. They just said we're going to burn down our bunk beds if you get in this goddamn bed. Just what the fuck they told me. I just didn't know. Hey, some of you niggas watching right? Is it two or is it one? Let me know. It's two. Let me ask the white people. What white people? What time is it, please? It's time. I put it on. God damn it. Let's see it. Hey, where are my people at? Ladies and gentlemen, no matter what, we are here at the cost of 2012. God damn it. There's been a come. Hey, where are my people at? Okay, hold on. Yeah, it's really good to see the people who a shot was not given to me. I'm on a grand show. My hope is that there is somebody that's
What's up? Do I look like a fucking lady or what? Ladies in the house tonight? I like being a fucking lady. Especially in the 90s, we can give the say what the fuck we want, too, don't we, girl? That's right. And still being lady. That's right. Because you don't know all day they couldn't say the shit they wanted to say. They had to fake orgasms and shit. We can tell Niggas today, hey, I want to come, motherfucker. Shit, we got Oprah. I watch Oprah, because I ain't got no mean. But that's all right, because between Oprah and my gynecologist, I'm satisfied. That's right, I learned to appreciate that fucking pap smear. I'm out once a year, boo, and shit, I see you tomorrow, motherfucker. Shit. Shit. Ten inches of arm, heart, same shit. When he finish, I smoke a fucking cigarette. And some wasn't good for you, too. And some women like for a play, you know. If you create a button, you can get for a play with that fucking pap smear. Oh, yeah. I do say some shit like dark cup. Could I get a breast exam before the pap smear? Maybe a not anist, motherfucker. Why don't you check it out? I know, I know. I know what you're saying. She's so fucking feminine and lady-like. She's such a fucking lady, yes I am. Live in and lady. I like the shop, cause ladies like the shop, don't we girls? But don't you hate the pictures that work in the store following you around? Actually, you stupid shit. Trying to keep you from stealing and shit. I hate them holes. Bitches on commission, what I call them. You try some fucked up shit. Who cares? What you wear, bitch, okay? I try to avoid them. You know I go to a rack and take eight or nine items off the rack and go in the fitting room. But they're not gonna fucking do a wanted thing. How do those fit? Like, gee, they fit perfect, but my purse won't zip up now, bitch. Do you have a bigger bag I could use? Don't fuck with me when I'm being feminine and lady-like. I love being a lady now, you know, cause you could say shit that you couldn't, for example, I could tell y'all right now that sometimes I'm in a shower and I gotta pee. I don't get out that muppet. Fuck off. Shit. I figured a water going down here. You wanna fucking wait, you know what I'm saying? Shit, why would I not tell it, don't you know? I know what you're thinking. She's such a fucking lady. That's right, I was raised that way. I like, cause men, I like men, I like y'all. I ain't got none right now, but I like y'all. Y'all cool, but y'all do some stupid shit. Especially when you got a little old dick. You know, you do some stupid shit that little dick men do. You ladies, you ever walkin' down the street? Two guys in a car ride up. How come it's always that motherfuckin' a passenger sad to say, hey baby, wanna ride? What the fuck am I doing? Take your old place motherfucker? Ain't that what you doin'? Get in the fucking ride? Stupid shit, man. Stupid. And I know about now y'all, I've got some big ass lips. Yeah, I know that's some big motherfuckers, see? I know that's some big motherfuckers. Yeah, all my lips are big, man. That's right. See, see? He has to get out of my fucker, calling about blowjob, and he whannos' about a sad foe. Little old feet, so you know it's dick smart. I couldn't get him no blowjob. My big ass lips, his little old dick, it wouldn't work. At the light trying to give a well of tic-tac motherfuckin' and she wouldn't work. It wouldn't work. It wouldn't work. That was crazy. He had my last... I can't buy for that, man. Hey, my name's Adele Getter, the John Reston Show. You
I wanted to know what sex felt like so I took your manicure tool and I put it. I don't know. The first time that I tried masturbating I ended up in the emergency room. And it happened because I went through this super awkward puberty leading up to it. When I was 15 that was the year that all of my friends lost their virginity and I was the only one who hadn't yet. I felt really left out like my friends would talk about their favorite positions at lunch and I would just bury myself in my sandwich like oh cool, anal. I was so naive. I had a very leased a Simpson vibe in school. Like a guy passed me a note in math class that just said 69 on it and I didn't know what that meant yet. I thought he was starting a math game with me. So I just built on to it. I was like 69 divided by 3 is 23 your turn. He was like the fuck no this is not what you think this is. And I got teased for not knowing and I just like I kind of snapped right like there's too many things building up. I was so sick of feeling left out and clueless and I was sick of waiting for a boyfriend to lose my virginity too. So I got this crazy idea and I was like okay I'm gonna stick something up there so I don't know what sex feels like and I can feel cooler around my friends. I know how mentally unstable this sounds by the way. Anytime you go to home made dildo route never a great idea. But I was so desperate to fit in that I just decided to take matters into my own pussy. So I was like this is happening now. So I went home from school and I decided to look around the house for an object to lose my virginity too. And just like anyone's first time I was super nervous. And I went to my mom's bathroom closet because it was just full of like phallic wonders right. Like sonic hair toothbrush handles and travel size shampoo bottles. But the thing that really caught my eye was she had this handheld manicure tool. You could put little attachments on top to like buff your nails but the handle was shaped like a dick. A little too much like a dick by the way like whoever designed it was definitely targeting curious teenage girls. And lonely housewives. It was bright blue it looked like pop a smurfs boner just so awkward. The only problem I didn't notice at the time was that it was made of a grippy rubber material. There's a little foreshadowing for you. But again I knew nothing about that hole in like what should or shouldn't go in there. So I draw my pants and I put my foot up on the side of the tub as you do. Hi sir, by the way this is weird for both of us. And I started to try and you know like make this happen but I'm not aroused by anything that's going on. Frankly I'm terrified. So I'm as dry as a dead man's mouth. My body is not helping me at all. So that combined with this grippy rubber material it's like a kid trying to go down an unsoaked slip and slide. It's just like nothing. So I stop for a sec and the same part of my brain is like dude this is clearly not meant to be. You just need a way to have regular person sex. And then the crazy part of my brain was like I'm not a fucking quitter. Marty crouched over naked like golem. Like we've come this far. Let's just throw the hail Mary. So all of my desperation to fit in fueled my tiny pubescent wrist until I fit the manicure tool all the way inside of me. And then I just stood there frozen for a second within and be like ugh. And then I threw it out and I threw it in the trash and I got in the shower and like washed a shame off. And I knew that something was horribly wrong right away because I started to feel a burning and itching sensation. And I was like oh fuck. Okay I'll look at it with a mirror and maybe it will look fine. What I saw in that mirror still haunts my dreams to this day. Crouch had swollen shut. Close like the bank on a Sunday. My pussy looks like Rocky's eye turned sideways. Yeah no bueno. So my stomach dropped. I was like oh my god. I need medical attention. I'm going to have to tell a doctor exactly what I just did. But before that I'm going to have to tell my mom because I need somebody to drive me to the doctor's office. Like my puberty is just flashing before my eyes. Everything's coming to an end. So my mom is in bed at this point. She's doing like a crossword puzzle or something. I walk in pale as a ghost. And she's like what's going on with you? What's wrong? And I was like I don't know how to tell you this because you're never going to see me the same way again. She was like sweetie nothing you tell me can make me stop loving you. I was like let's not say things we can't take back. I was like I wanted to know what sex felt like. So I took your manicure tool and I put it in. I put it inside me and now my vagina is gone. And my mom was like wow. Well we were going to have corn dogs for dinner but now that seems like a safety hazard. She's like alright get in the car. Here we go. Going to the doctor's office. So we drove down to the emergency clinic. I grew up in this tiny town. I've been seeing the same family doctor since I was like five years old. He's this 60 year old Christian man. Very Steve from Blue's Clues type of energy. Not great for this situation. He has no idea how to handle it. He's like okay Kelsey we're all a little confused as to what she did. Something with a manicure tool. Susan do you know? No nobody knows. Okay. Do I need to have a little look see at your undercarriage? Just put me down like an old animal. Oh my god. I can't do this. So he straps on his minor's headlight. To go spillunkin for treasure. And he goes down and he pokes around with a q-tip a little bit and he comes back and he's like alright. So you know from all the swelling and burning and inflammation I can deduce that you are allergic to latex. So you know going forward that means no latex condoms, no latex gloves. Please don't do anything with balloon animals. So I love the clinic that day with that knowledge. And I'm allergic to latex. All my future boyfriend's have been very happy about that. Alright you know just high fives all around no condoms. I'm just riddled with disease. Unfortunately I didn't redeem my awkward reputation at school. You know I did all that to try and fit in and instead word spread around the school of what happened and everybody was like, hey old hairy bush made her pussy disappear. Check that out. The world's worst magician over here. How so embarrassed like this haunted me for 10 years. I was just mortified about it. And I honestly thought I was done with my latex encounters until two years ago when I moved to Los Angeles and I went to a new doctor for my annual exam. I was lying back on the table. He did the whole like fingers inside your business. And then I sat up as he was taking his gloves off. And I was like, oh no. I was like, are those latex gloves? And he was like, yeah. Do you have an allergy? And I was like, yeah. And he's like, oh I'm so sorry. What happens when you come into contact with it? And I was like, my vagina tries to kill itself. And he was like, oh shoot, okay. Well, there's not much I can do for you right now. I can prescribe you some cream that you can spread down there. It's like it's not a bagel. I don't want to do that. So he writes me this prescription and he walks out and I'm just standing there so pissed. I'm like, there's no way I'm going through this again. Like there has to be a way around this. So my survival instincts kicked in and I locked the doctor's office door behind me. And I got another crazy idea. I was like, okay. I'm in a masturbate because if I can make myself come, I might be able to flush out the allergens before a reaction starts. I think Bill and I would be pretty proud of my plan. There's obviously no scientific research behind this at all. But I just like, I just have to try this. I have to go for it. I'm also standing there like, I can't believe that 10 years ago I tried masturbating and I gave myself an allergic reaction. And now I'm going to masturbate to try to not have an allergic reaction. Really a decade of doing the Lord's work this one. So I'm racing against the clock at this point. Like this reaction is coming. So I draw my pants and I just like close my eyes. I try to like find a way to be turned on. I just a picture that chanitatoms behind me just like, you know, grinding it out, some pony by genuine, you know, just like really encouraging me. And by the power of magic mic, I came. And I did not have an allergic reaction. Thank you. Yeah. Sometimes you got to be your own douche. And now I think I should get the letters Rx tattooed on these two fingers. So the only prescription I need, motherfucker. Alright, I'm Kelsey Cook. Thanks so much.
From the dollar podcast, give it up for the incredible guest, Kletto! Thank you for coming to the news! He's got a lot of other wonderful folks! He's got a lot of wonderful people! He's got an awesome, good to know all these wonderful people! He's got a lot of wonderful people! He's got a lot of wonderful people! All right! Oh, you devil! Thank you! I've not done anything yet! So let's temper that! Come on, let's be real! All right, we'll just jump into it, right? That's what we... I'm a child of immigrants! Anyone here to child of immigrants? Yeah, get her! All right, no, I'm just kidding! I was raised by English people in America, even though my parents spoke the same language, I always had a translate for my mother. My mother never really adopted American English. You know, she'd be like, Cheerio! I'd be like, she's saying goodbye! She'd be like, oh, I fancy a cup of tea! I'd be like, she's looking for tea! She'd be like, tell them to! I was like, she's saying thank you! She'd be like, I'm quite knackered! I'd be like, she's tired! She'd be like, I'm chuffed! I'd be like, she's happy! She'd be like, oh, I'm pissed! I'd be like, she's drunk! She'd be like, pop, pop, on your back! Pubs your fanny! I'd be like, she's saying, I actually... I don't know! Lay her down! Some's wrong! Get her feet up! Elevator feet! She's phomic! But it's sticking her mouth out, damn it! It was always weird to me, though, to watch my parents. My parents were told like this, and we talked like this, and I was like, that's weird! How did that happen? Because when you think about it, it was a bunch of British people that came to this country, right? To what I understand was an occupied land, and they came... I'm not sure how that's still a little controversial to us, but here it is, I guess. I don't know. The truth is, if you really think about it, there are people who came to this country ever discovered were trusting people. But anyway, gobble gobble happy Thanksgiving! Let me move on. But we talked like this, they came here like, and we talked like this, how did that happen? Well, I'm glad you asked. I was looking it up, and there is a theory that it was just a decision that they made, that they just decided to do it! Which is an amazing moment in history! One day two old dusty white dudes are hanging out, one of them is just like, Winthrop, Matt Benjolri for a moment, is like, why, yes Philips, what is it? Is that what I just had to thought, and how we could further separate ourselves from the British if we desired to do so? Of course we desired to do so, we made the big move! Is that what I was thinking? What if we were to just talk entirely differently? Talk entirely differently? Whatever do you mean? He was instead of talking like this, this is what we were all to do, he was just thinking, you know, what if we were to just, no, you know, talk like this! Hello! He goes, what have you done there? You've got the devil's tongue! Shing, and he's like, no, that's still me! It's still me! He's like, oh, yes, Shing! I like that! We're Americans! We talk differently! When did you have time to come up with something this brilliant? He's like, well, I just made time in my schedule! Ah, yes, you mean schedule! No, I mean schedule! No, you mean, wow, okay, wow! I see what you've done there! Now, don't hate it! Got anything else? It's all right, well, I have one more, but it is a bit drastic, and he goes, come on, mate, you're on a roll! Out with it! Is that what we really wanted to show? That we are completely independent, completely different! What if we were to just fix our teeth? He's like, no, you've lost me! You've lost me! You pushed it there, you've lost me! You were doing so, what were you shopping our tools with? You've not thought this through! You really? And then they just went through the rest of the country, you know, they went down south, they're like, I'm tired of talking like this, I was thinking, maybe we could go a little more in-lot this through it. What do you all think? Maybe a little more like this? Something like that? Got to the Midwest, so I'm tired of talking like this. I was thinking, maybe we could change it up a little bit? Like, go in this direction, kind of hit that all. Nice hit that all, you know? Got to California, like, tired of doing it! Let's just go on, let's, what if we were just a little more like, whoa, what the fuck? Whoa, whoa, whoa! It's egregious, you know? Not historically accurate, but it's fun. We like fun, right? That's fun. I don't know, you know. You know, they do think, in times of Shakespeare, that they didn't even sound English. They think they sound a more Bostonian. Yeah, which ruins Shakespeare right away, doesn't it? All those beautiful plays and sonnets coming out through that filter? No, thank you. Just back then people were like, come on, we're gonna go watch some Shakespeare in the pack! It's like, ugh, I don't feel sick. Oh, my God. I feel like I got punched. Going to see it is just like, a last-poor y'all wreck. I knew this dude's so good! Come on, kid, he's dead! Hey, see, it's skull! It's fucked! It's like, Romeo, Romeo, where for art thou Romeo? Seriously, where is this twat? This balcony's freezing. My nipples are so hot! English people are sensitive about teeth jokes. They don't like them. I've learned that one. My mother lives in England. I was there recently. We were just watching game shows hanging out. And I'm one of the game shows. The question came on, on average, how many teeth is a British person missing? That was on a game show. Yeah. I was like, to all your game shows culturally indict you like that? Then it's like, say what you will about this country. We got problems, but our game shows are an escape, right? You never watch it at game shows. It's like, on average, how many oxy-cotton does a West Virginia? You know what I mean? It's like... It's a distraction. It's a distraction. It's a distraction. The options. Two, four, and seven. For how many teeth is a British person missing? Miss, you can play the ad home version. Two, four, seven. How many teeth on average is a British person missing? You think four? She said seven. You're going with the most defensive one. Well, my dear. You'll be interested. No, it was actually seven. She's right. It was seven. It's seven. It's obviously seven. She's right. Come on. I wouldn't be doing the joke if it wasn't seven. Seven. Seven. Seventy. From their heads. They're not sharks. That's a lot of teeth. Everybody, okay? That is a quarter of your teeth legally. Seventy. I was like, I could not believe it. I was like, 17th. My uncle was over. He's like, oh, stop that, Betty. If you think of that, yeah? I was like, that's a lot of teeth, dude. He goes, no, they're pooping all the time. I don't have much to do. I'm not going to lie to you. Not about much that does. Make a wish. And that's what I realized. England isn't a country. It's just a pilot teeth that people figured out how to grow potatoes. Together? How'd you meet? Uh, they're at school. Why is that funny? She's like, school is crazy. Why is that funny? How are we met in England? Ah, interesting. Right. English people love the mass culture more than anyone. I'll tell you that. They're like, finally. Nobody knows. I'll see Chris. LAUGHTER Probably won't release that one. That will get me like, I can't go see my mother. I'll just be able to see my mother's like, they're gone. No, they're not gone. They're not gone. How did you meet in England? You were at school in England? Yeah, I just studied abroad. You studied abroad. I was at the end. And then where? Sheffield. And then how did you meet in school? What's the first date in England? Go to the pub? Absolutely. Yeah, that's all you can do. What a shaggot man who goes to the pub. We've got two options. Let's do a shaggot use. Right, that sounds good. Married? Do you ever go back to Sheffield? No, of course not. Why would you? You're not English, are you? You are English. Oh, this is super awkward all of a sudden, isn't it? I just picked up on your accent. Yeah, man, no. You fucking prick. And I love your answer that you don't go back. You're English. No, don't go back. Good for you. Muzzle, muzzle. I definitely found it strange being raised by English people in America. Immigrant parents raise you with sort of weird traditions. But the more I travel to country, talk to people, the more I realize it wasn't that my parents were immigrants. It's just parents. Parents just give you a bunch of fill your head with weird shit. And then you become a grown-up. And then you're out there like, yeah, we used to do this. And people are like, what? And you're like, yeah, my house has like a tradition. And they're like, that's not. It's not a bus. It's tradition. It's a tradition. This one guy I was talking to him. And he was like, his family didn't celebrate any holidays. Except for one that they celebrated twice a year. And you, like me, are probably like, what holidays twice a year? Well, you're not going to figure it out. Because it in no way is a holiday. His family went big for daylight savings. Big day for them. They spent food out. They had drinks. People over revelry. It was an event. He was at school day of like, yeah, I'm excited. It's daylight save. Spring ahead. My favorite of the two bitches. I don't even know how that works. You got to stay up till 2 a.m. You're having a good time. And then at 2 you have it again, I guess. I'm not sure. Or then it's 4 a.m. And you feel like you just did blow with your family? You're like, what are we doing? This is not... It's weird, everybody. I had a woman at my show. She told me about how her and her sisters would always get their hair cut from their grandma. All through their youth, which I thought was pretty sweet. It was like a family tradition. Then the grandmother passed away. And they were cleaning out her place. And they discovered that she kept all that hair. All of their childhood hair. And a set of drawers she hid in the closet. Or as I call it the hairdresser. I love that one, though. That's the best. That's the best. Dying with that leave behind. You just have to... You're like, grandma, why? She's like, bye-bye. You're like, why were you doing that? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. You're like, why were you doing it? You might not figure it out. Ta-ta. What was the hint? Maybe I was putting in pillows you'll never know. I'm gone, I'm vapor. But my favorite one was I was at a show and I was like, I got anywhere in traditions. And this guy goes, I got one birthday chicken. I was like, sir, you talk until you're done. Get him a microphone. You talk to people, birthday chicken? I was like, what is birthday chicken? And birthday chicken, it turns out, was in his family they invented like a birthday Santa. The birthday chicken. Sort of this mythical, generous foul, whom he believed to be real. So every year on his birthday, he'd get gifts from his friends and family, but then he'd get one extra gift from the birthday chicken. He thought it was totally normal, right? Then he gets a little bit older. Goes through the reveal that we all went through. Granted, his was a little different than ours. There was an addition. It was like, there's no tooth fairy. There's no Santa. There's no birthday chicken. He's like, I'm on need a minute. Santa, I saw a comment. But birthday chicken? Who is eating all the feed? We put in the living room. Dad? Oh my god. I'm going to get a birthday chicken. Then he gets a little bit older. He goes to high school, gets his license, goes to prom, goes to college. First semester, freshman year at college, in his dorm, it's his roommate's birthday. And he's like, his parents live far away. They might not have time to get him a birthday chicken gift. I'll do it. Because what I failed to tell you is what they failed to tell him, that they were the only people that did it. See, he knew it was bullshit. He just didn't know that it was only his family's bullshit. And that they'd invented the bullshit. That part never got revealed. So he's just handing this seeming stranger a gift with a card and this dude just opens it and he's like, love, birthday chicken. And he's like, I'm going to get a birthday chicken. I'm going to get a birthday chicken. I'm going to get a birthday chicken. And he's like, love, birthday chicken. I'm going to get a birthday chicken. And that's you. Thank you, birthday chicken. I love my sweater. Anyone have anything like that you can think of like little chai granite birthday chicken sets a high bar obviously Yeah, what do you got? Fucking amazing oh my lord dear Bradley. I hope this letter finds you well It won't soon You're still a nice boy, but I'm done with you What? What did the letters say? So your parents were like your parents your first of all I'm 90% one of your parents is a lawyer They're like legally if we get this notarized we're in the clear. We cannot he cannot sue us in the future So Then you have the illusion that Santa's real, but he's just done with you specifically which is almost worse Cuz kids are like kids are like when it's saying to get you like Santa and I aren't doing that anymore I've got a lead on a birthday chicken which is actually That's great It's just a lot of kids and you're not one of my favorites Santa sent me a restraining order. Yeah look you we're being an asshole to him. He said no more Oh, man, now I want to have kids just to do that that's like I'm gonna burn my rubbers to be like I'm gonna fuck with this kid be like Here's mine. This is my family tradition my family When I was growing up I'd go to England they would make us share bath water Yeah, yeah, that was like I was raised to believe that was totally normal to share bath water with relatives I Can't explain it, you know a lot of people won't take bath because like gross. That's your own filth, right? My own filth to me as a child would have been a dream a dream I Look at a bath of my own filth the way a gruel filled orphan had looked through a rich person's foggy window at a Christmas goose Just like me out filth gosh someday maybe imagine me on It's crazy It would be like my ants my female cousins they'd all share one bath then they drain it They do the great refilling and then it was man time And let me point out this is PMS pre-man scoping a much busier era, okay? And it would be like nine ten dudes. I'd be falling grown-ass men. I was a child But I didn't think it was weird it was the prison I was born into But by the time it got to me it didn't even look like bath water anymore It just looked like ramen at that point. It was just like Had it was the consistency of like cold sake by the time it got to me, you know what I mean? And then I just had to get in I just had to put myself into this human soup this dude stew this man of strony this guy spot show I'd go in there a seven-year-old new-bile boy take a skunk donkey come out of there covered it so many hairs of various lengths and curls I'd look like a greasian man in a nude beach just like let's do this, you know Buggers My uncle come over he'd take the hair off me give it to grandma obviously it was for her it was Herring is caring herring is caring They did everything earlier in England like they corrupted as youths much earlier in England You'd see like an eight-year-old smoke you'd be like that's crazy It'd be like god problem copper you'd be like I'm nine so you need to pump the brakes over there first of all Sex was earlier I remember I was 12 years old and my friend was like mate you still a virgin I was like yeah, I'm still a virgin. What do you I'm 12 years old? It was like don't worry it'll happen. I was like I don't want it to happen. Okay. I am a little boy All right, this is not chester these are my uncle's pubes. I took a bath earlier. I'm not I'm a kid bro Weed was earlier too weed yeah 12 13 was when we started smoking weed there the way we smoked weed there was different than how we smoked weed here The way I learned to get high in England was through what they call rising blowbacks now I know it sounds weird, but it's just when your buddy sucks. You're dick and a hot air balloon. That's all it is It says Guys, it's European. It's like pastries for breakfast. It's just it's their way. It does their way No, what it is is someone takes a joint right someone takes a couple hits off the joint puts the lid end in their mouth and blows through the back then you suck that in that someone picks you up by your stern until your feet are off the ground lowering your Oxygen levels and by the time your feet hit the ground again you are real high real high So imagine the first time in the States when someone wanted to smoke with me You know like you want to get baked? I was like well, yeah, but we're gonna need to get a few more fellows over here Chad We'll hurt our backs So So one of the first times I got high It's probably like first three times I got high was late at night everything's closed and we're hanging out in front of the store and I'm just laughing my ass off. We're having a good little time You know and I'm just laughing I tap the store window nothing aggressive just give it a little tap My friend Richard goes don't go with you. Lime a guff And I go don't call me a lime a guff And everybody laughed But they didn't laugh when he said it they laughed when I said it And I wanted to know what was going on, but I couldn't ask because I was high so I was just like Yeah, you don't call me a lime a guff What is it never mind But I wish I'd asked because it became like a nickname people started calling me lime a guff Yeah, for years people you know I'd get into the town people be like, I love a guff here I'd be like you damn right I am that's me I'm him You They'll be like you all right lime a guff I'd be like doing good little confused ill but good lime a guff's good Years went on till one night I was at a party and my cousin introduces me to a guy who was there that night And he goes, no, I'll remember you your llama guff. I was like here So then I waited until I had a moment and I cornered him I had to know and I go hey, why was that so funny? He goes what was what funny llama guff? I said why was it so funny when I said don't call me a lime a guff He said well because you hit the shot window and Richard said don't garrif the alarm will go off and You said don't call me a lime a guff I was like Well That is funny now that I hear it back that's pretty good honestly that's Pretty good weed too, well good to catch up hope you're well lime a guff out. I'll see you. Thank you You Together how'd you meet tender tender nice how long you been together for fucking a that's pretty good Yeah About half the room cares she's excited Anyone got a weird way of my it was it was a couple's got a weird way. What do you got back there go ahead? Or in like a small less than two thousand people festival serving bar a clown night You met at clown night Yeah, okay relax quit acting like I'm the crazy one like yeah, I always said that clown night dumbass we met at clown night And then you have noses on a clown night. Yeah, yeah, duh Well, what you think makes it clown night stupid man Can you imagine walking into a clown bar? I don't know if there's a I would make a you turn so fast I'm like we need to get the fuck out of here. They'd be like trivia night worse run run run start that car People loved you yeah, well lots of people think that they're wrong that happens all the time People love us we were loud How long how long goes that? No sir. I'm I mean I'm far, but I'm not like in another city Trained actor Plays thanks a bunch You are a clown you're still a clown You got it on now You had to get the bar through it is it like a barbell for your nose is this like a saw movie? My lord, I mean this is like feeding an animal that won't leave you alone. This is like we're like all right Go go go get the fuck out of here. I put out milk one night. I'm not your daddy I don't you know I have a cat I can't have more we can't have more than one clown in this room and I'm the clown I did sir I always wanted to keep going so I can actually shout out one of my shows get that clown the fuck out of here Toss the clown All right Let's talk about weed we'll talk about weed a little bit I I'm glad they legalized weed. I think all drugs should be legal. I really do weed is a good example, right? They tried to scare us about legalizing weed and then you know they did right like leading up to the legalization of weed They're like you cannot legalize weed it'll be it's gonna be chaos This streets will be filled with snacks on these looking for things to eat It's gonna be total madness. They'll be after our twizzlers our our snickers our our sour patches our peanut butter filled pretzels Our cheese balls our bread all it rolls. It's gonna be they'll be breaking windows our seven elevens are gonna look like nine elevens You can't do this And then we did it and it was fun Right pretty much went fine the only thing that's changed is there's been a spike in cancelling plans Lot more plans get canceled now I don't know what it is about getting high with plans. It's like I'll have plans. I'll be excited that I have plans Then it'll be the night of the plans and I'll get high and I'll be like what was I thinking I got to cancel these plans I'm an idiot I Can't go anywhere Got a lie to your best friend, you know like a stone jessie small that you're like there was two of them They came after me. It was pretty bad. I can't Magahats the whole nine it was I could probably do coffee tomorrow before I get high. That's what the doctor says once I get out I like that medical phase that felt right to me medical phase, right? That was awesome. Oh, we were kids They still have that in some states that funny That's where you had to pretend to be sick and go see someone pretending to be a doctor It's fun. It's like marijuana larking Hot cause play right I just kept saying medically speaking a bunch during mine She's like, why do you need the license? I was like well medically speaking. Whoa, that's a pretty good start from this guy I need it because without it medically speaking I can't Can't get high without it medically speaking. It's genetic my dad had it. Please help me. Please help fix me. Please fix me I knew it was a bit of a force when I asked him if I could take my license picture in a top hat And they were like we literally don't care I walked out of there was like have a good day, gentlemen. I'm off to get rip shit. Yes I Looked for that license for a long time and then I found it like two weeks ago You validate that that is a man at a top hat That is a legal I should point out too. I'm wearing a tuxedo shirt and not like a shirt that you'd put a tie around the print of a tuxedo on a t-shirt They were like that guy doesn't need more weed. I was like I Will say I've enjoyed watching the evolution of getting weed in my lifetime I certainly I've been smoking weed long enough to have really seen it evolve, you know Like I think back to when I had to get weed in high school Yeah, impossible it was easier to get rare ivory than to get a bag of pot It was a weird system you had to go hang out with a dude That was how you got it you kind of like had to earn it by hanging out with some weird dude some dude who knew a dude But you'd have to physically be in his apartment That was how you got it, you know, he just would have like a fish tank full of baby sharks He'd be bench pressing in his living room while he was telling you a video game high scores You'd be like you think you're gonna get it today It'd be like won't be today. No could be days could be weeks. You're like you want to just call me when it gets here He's like, haha, that sounds crazy. No, I'll see you tomorrow. You're like okay To when I moved to Los Angeles, I still had to go meet a dude. It was a little easier the timeline was a little more condensed But I still had to go meet some random dude. He'd be like meet me in this parking lot at 4.30. I'd be like can do It'd be like 7.45. I'd be like you close. He'd be like no, I'd be like Okay, thank you. It's been a pleasure to work with you. I'm really enjoying this To now when it's just so easy to get it right like back then you'd go meet that dude You didn't know what kind of weed you were getting there were no types of weed I didn't know what kind of weed this guy was giving me there was one kind of weed the weedy gave you that was it That's crazy to think of that now That should be like imagine walking into a bar and being like one alcohol, please like that's what we were doing And now I really do feel like we've almost over corrected like it's easier to get weed now than it is to get quarters for laundry It's become so serious now like you walk into the weed store They're like all right in your blood type and star sign you're like no, no, I just please weed Sometimes you're in line behind the people who take it real seriously They get that magnifying broadcast that has a light switch on it, you know Just be like oh man. That's great. Look at those purple hairs. That's awesome. What county is this from love in the crystals? I just feel like I got to play that part when I get up there, you know, I'll be like well look at those crystals They're like sir. That's the tip jar. I'm like yeah, but it's still very shiny. That's awesome There's a lot of quarters in there, which is good for you all Could actually grab some of those I'm doing laundry later. I'm having trouble locating Supporters for myself personally as a blade Doesn't matter where you stand on weed everyone is taking gummies Smokers non-smokers everybody's rocking gummies people love the gummies Evangelical preachers will be like marijuana is a narcotic you may not be you can have a gummy you could take a gummy I'd take a gummy before I walk the dog makes it more interesting. It's in Lebedo kiss you can You may You know it's really rocking the gummies senior citizens We got him We got him candy that was how we got him Sitting right there so obvious candy Senior citizens love gummies I Was in a show talking about gummies 85 year old woman in my show goes I used to take gummies. I was like used to She goes I'd always take a half I was like okay. She goes then one day I took a hole. I was like, uh-oh. She goes. Uh-oh is right Called 911 I was like what? What did you tell them? She goes I told them I took a gummy they knew what to do they knew what to do It's that common that they know what to do There's probably like attempted triage attached to most hospitals now Senior citizens sprawled out on gurneys having just OG'd over gummy Some exhausted doctor running around there like get me 15 insurers all the soft food you could find it for God's sake put mash on I I'm on a break from wait I took a break from wait I've just smoked enough weed in my lifetime that I'm like good for a while, you know I love weed. I love weed I'm the guy who before the show tonight you'd all be waiting to come inside But you'd have to wait for me because I'd be outside hitting the bowl like a crack pipe And you just be like how high do you need to be for this and I'd be like I'm not getting high for now I'm getting high for two hours from now, okay? Like how a camel drinks a bunch of water before it goes into the desert. I'm filling my weed humps There are some things I like about not smoking weed for sure like I like walking into a room and knowing why that's addictive I'll be honest. They were right about that one Or like remembering where I parked my car in a parking garage. That's good. I like that one too Every movie I ever saw it always walk out and be like all right This part Walk around for five minutes eventually flag down the security guard getting their cart, you know Just be like make a model sir. I'm not sure I might not have even driven here tonight. This might be a fool's errand You smoke not all right The only time I would take breaks other than this last one would be when I would go see my mother in England She wouldn't score me. Wait. She was real square, you know So last time I went there I took CBD with me, you know a lot of people like CBD doesn't work You don't feel anything that's not true. You take enough CBD. You feel like you really wish you had weed You are like that'd be great. We'd it be great My mother she saw that I had CBD she goes gutney mole like it was a quailuited studio 54. I was like lady Literally buy this at the grocery store So I gave everyone right I'm not kidding you could give this CBD to a durable there be no noticeable difference My mother tripped tripped She was fried like an egg she was laying out on her couch Just like oh my god. I go are you okay? She goes the colors are so vivid. I was like this is a white room But she couldn't hear me. I just looked in her eyes and all she was hearing was banan amam Purnal Same trip though right right before I'm flying back my cousin gives me a weed edible that he made for me Now that is a dicey situation I want to know the potency always right my rule of edibles is you can always take more nevertheless Right choo choo wait like a delayed amp track. That's how I handle it But this is for a flight international travel so you got to make a decision before you go into customs How much you want to eat? Because you can't have it on you in your pocket, but you can't have it in you inside God's pocket So I got to decide so I'm like fuck it. Let's go big So I eat the whole thing oopsie poopsy. Yeah, it was a it was a bad call no doubt bad call I made the wrong call. I got the highest I've ever been The highest I've ever I was so high that I didn't know I was high like I crossed through the event horizon I was that high And I know a lot of people who even spoke we're like what does that mean? I wouldn't know what it means unless it happened to me But I got so high that I needed to figure out that I was high and There were a few red flags on the way to the moment of revelation The first one was I was sitting on the plane and I couldn't find my phone Anywhere I was checking every I tore my bag apart. I was looking under my seat You know and then eventually found it in my pocket And I was just like wait huh it was like I did a magic trick on myself. I was like how did I do that? That was my phone. Yeah The second red flag was I was sitting there and I became obsessed with the idea of taking off my boxer shorts and only wearing my pants The idea of this consumed me I was obsessed It was either think about it the whole flight or do it so I had to go do it So I got up went to the plane bathroom went inside there joined a different mile high club, okay? Now what went on in there can only be described as a slapstick silent film comedy There should have been a piano player outside like It's like he gets popping up and stuff like that I Was banging around in there giggling my ass off knocking shit down. I was like oh my god. This isn't going to well, you know But eventually got him off right had the boxers didn't really know what to do with them So I just sort of jammed him in my pant pocket Like I had a clown hanky, you know Thank you to some of us all right sir wait get that clown the fuck out of here I'm kidding he may stay He's in a party of 30 they all get in his car all right come on guys. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go Had that clown hanky out of my pants my plan was if anyone asked me what it was I was just gonna go Go to bed of a runny nose But that wasn't it where I realized was I was sitting there okay, and I'm watching a movie and as I'm watching a movie I'm like the worst part about the mask is how much it fogs up your glasses then I'm like you're not wearing glasses You don't wear glasses Then I started thinking back. I was like my phone the clown hanky. Oh my god. I'm high I was so high that I've been on a lot of planes But I was so high on this flight that I was looking out the window like we're so high right now We'd already landed by the way. I was like oh my god the people look like people from up here man The flight attendant came over she said something to me. I couldn't understand it all I heard was banana And I'm bam bam bam bam I was trying to get weed in Mexico once not easy right I was searching all over eventually I bought it off a cab driver I should have known it was not good weed when I got into the garbage bag. I was like this is trying to get me a great weed It wasn't it was terrible, right? But I was like there were like seeds and stems in it. I was like oh yeah, those things right But so I rolled a bunch of joints I was smoking them I was smoking in my hotel room down at the beach I was walking down the street smoking joints Maybe getting a little too comfortable right at one point I'm walking by and I see this like little disco tech and I'm like oh maybe I'll go in there You know, I was like look at those lights. It's pretty cool, you know, and then I'm like oh wait It's like a barber shop. Why is a barber shop at like disco lights? And I'm like oh wait those aren't even disco lights. Those are like sirens I'm like oh wait those aren't even coming from inside. They're actually a reflection I'm like oh wait reflections means it behind you and I was like oh wait those are cops I was like oh wait. I have weed and I just threw it like four feet from me And then the cops came over you know, they found it they were pretty good detectives obviously they thorough and So they cuff me put me in the back of the cop car right driving me away now the one guy his job is to just drive But the other guy his job is to just disparage the quality of the weed to my face So he's just holding the bag up and he's like man, this is some bad weed. I was like yeah, it has not been good to me I agree. It's not great He's like this is you can't believe you're going to jail for this oregano. I was like yeah, no, it's not good I'm not proud of it. It really is not worth it and anyway, you know It was just like what did you pay for these long clippings? I was like sir I feel like whatever I say to you're gonna overreact because that seems to be your attitude But $40 he goes $40. I was like I knew that that was what you do Then at one point they pull over and he goes look We don't want to take you to jail and I was like well, sir We finally have some common ground because you're not gonna believe this. I don't want to go to jail So look at us He goes if you go to that ATM and get out $200. We'll let you go I was like that's can do So I went I got $200 out of the ATM gave it to him right there. Let me go as I was walking away He goes hey, you forgot something and he threw the weed at me And as I was picking it up, I thought this is a better judicial system I just got arrested interrogated processed had my hearing posted bail got released and my shit back in 45 minutes. We should be doing that honestly Way better are you waving to me? Oh You that's a thumbs up. Oh, you got to understand people are clapping and you're like giving me the queen wave I was like what That's a better that's better than clapping. I want that people more people to do that. Yeah, that's good Are you here with someone I can't really see Three other people three other people. Okay. How do you all know each other? In like 10 years and this is the first time you're seeing each other 10 years at this show. Yeah, how did this happen? Okay I Anyone taking some gummies over yonder She might just be an apparition my friend from 10 years ago is here the word as part of she's passed away So did you arrange to see each other She arranged to see you How did you see the one you haven't seen in 10 years? Did you decide you were gonna come to this together? Okay So you don't know who I am you were like we'll do this Right, okay, all right. All right. That's great What do you think so far you having a good time? Okay. Yeah, I tell you having a good time because you waved at me So I know you're That's how I could tell you're like hello All right, now we're gonna talk about the rest. This is just uh, that's a bit of a hodgepodge of popery My mother stuff. So I'm a single man. I lived with a female friend of mine for the past couple years It was fine. Obviously. It's been a while since I lived to the woman. There were certain things I forgot like I always consider women to be cleaner than men and I think for the most part that is true Right tidier at least, but I will say the bathroom is where that playing field gets real level That's where women come to life, right Like there's a lot of stuff. I was just like what is going on like they're always fingerprints on the mirror Which I was like as a man. I've never touched the mirror I don't even know how that happens. She's just in there like someday Oh Women also get very ambitious with that bathroom trash can Yeah, you do you believe in that thing To me it's a baby trash I don't have high expectations for this receptacle Q tips floss that's it Empty at once a year Kind of a big deal when you empty right it's like a ceremony you're like come on. We have to get your sister. We're empty in baby trash out back Gather round. You know you're like baby trash out of good. You have fine. Yeah, baby trash out, huh Good harvest. I think right we can use the same CVS back for another year. I think right It's got that little hole in it It's not the women fill it is that you pack it in like sand What is the long-term strategy here just like live to fight another day Brenda ah smush You work for make I just walked in there one day it's lid wouldn't even close. I was like what are you doing to baby? You're killing baby trash look like it been curb stomped. I was like look at him look at him I eventually had to empty it was not easy to do it's concreted in there Had to put on like a weight lifting belt have a buddy come over to spot me. I was shaking shaking shaking right It's like giving a nerd a swirl. I was like drop drop drop When it finally dropped it was like a magician's pocket. I couldn't believe all the stuff that was in there Nail polish people magazines. I was like is that about a red wine what the fuck are you doing in here? This is a bathroom. This is a bathroom Lot of hair too lot of hair. Yeah, it seems like a nightmare, but it is a lot of hair You ever get a haircut in your hand you can't get off Yeah, haircon and you can't get off right you just work on it for 10 minutes like get off of there You know Finally you do it then you rub in your fingers together 30 seconds later. You're like that bastard still there won't leave Women have come up with an amazing technique for when that happens to them in the shower to get rid of that hair Haven't you Yes, you already know you already know Women ain't got time for that they're in the shower they got stuff to shave Women ain't got time for that so they'll just take those finger hairs and just strewn them along the shower tile Hair by hair strand by strand one by one lock by lock Sort of decking the halls in there. It's got a festive nature to it Over the months it takes on the appearance of jungle vines in some parts You One day I just looked over I was like what the fuck is going on over here what Some of the side hairs almost look like like bad cursive. It's like a dead language Looks like cave paintings from a far gone culture. I'm just like she'd look at this. She I need the Rosetta stone She's trying to down. May something she's communicating through hair. It's like hair aglipics I Eventually had to get rid of it came up with a technique. I call the dick sprinkler I'd just be in the shower one day and be like all right fucking I just fill my palm with water and be like got it Got it got it got it you know Those hairs are dropped down right then eventually the shower drain clogs that was the next chapter So Suddenly the water is at calf level whenever you're taking a shower You're not taking a shower anymore. You're taking what can only be described as a shaft, you know Stopping around in there furiously like the grape stop and lady you're like god damn it. This is on a life I'm gonna get trenchfoot. This is bullshit I had done clog it, you know, she came in just like what do you think it was? I was like I don't know Maybe it's this treasure trolley who that lives down there think it might be that it just blinked, huh It said mama right I throw it in the baby trash, but there's no fucking room All right, let's talk about America. Uh land that I love land that I love land that I'm a little concerned about I'm not gonna lie. Let me start by saying this I have stopped flying. I don't fly to shows anymore not because of the edible box or Thing that's That's irrelevant other reasons I stop flying Because they cancel 1800 flights a day. I just got sick of the gate swapping of the missing bags Not being able to locate pilots sitting on the tarmac for five hours Just got sick of it and the thing that really drove me crazy is the whole time they're screwing you They are thanking you for your patience Well, thank you for your patience while you don't get to your destination We want to thank you for your patience while you don't get your bag It's like that's not how patience works. There's nothing more infuriating than being thankful patience that you're not giving So I stopped I stopped I stopped as soon as I realized that the FAA wasn't an acronym. It was just short for fuck you So I quit so now I drive to all my shows I drive to all my shows and I am seeing a lot of the country a lot of it and let me tell you it ain't good Not good things are not good everything is broken It's all broken elevators don't work escalators are weird stairs Most bathrooms are out of order hand sanitizer dispensers are empty that one I particularly hate Going up for a score to hand sanitizer because you feel like your hands dirty Go up and you're like oh take some of that and then you're just touching it and nothing's coming out and you're like wait So now my hand is touching all the hands of people who thought they were dirty enough to warrant hand sanitizer And now their germs and my germs are just having a germ orgy no And they're just not gonna fix shit the government is just done fixing stuff That's their plan both parties they're done fixing shit right the only thing our political parties are fixing our prices and primaries That's it And I don't actually Even call them political parties anymore parties are full of young people having fun. That's not what this is These are old people doing nothing who belong in the ground. So I call them political funerals And I am not a member of either of our political funerals and it's very freeing because I'm able to agree with everyone's gripes Right people be like Republicans are religious cult sliding into fascism. I'm like yes. Yep. Yes They'll be like Democrats use their wokeness to get away with their out in the open corruption. I'm like right exactly. Yep. Mm-hmm Yes And I know people are like well no my team's good. They care of course they do they care about you They love you just like the birth they chicken loves you He loves you his love is real his love is great And we enable it in this country we let him get away with it because we still have a lot of people walking around this country Saying that this is the best country on earth here that all the times best country on earth America is not even the best country in America anymore, okay? It isn't most people who are saying that America is the best country on earth just haven't left it And that's not fair that would be like an Amish man being like the best sex in my life was with my wife right here And my favorite position through a hole in a sheet for pro creation. It's like you need something to compare it to Can't just do that And I'll tell you people get pissed off when you talk like this they do they don't like it I've done this material it shows. I've had people shout if you don't like it get the fuck out It was a napa known for its wines But why is it like that why can't I complain? Are we that sensitive? Why can't I give this country tough love? It doesn't work like that with people if you have people in your life that you care about and they're fucking up You give them tough love you talk to them you make it hard for them You tell them the hard truths they need to hear to get better because you love them But in this country you can't do that like let's say I had a buddy named Dan and every time we go out Dan jumps behind the bar steals a bottle of vodka pounds it whips his dick out Mushes it in the bar olives and calls it a mantini extra dirty I'd probably pull him aside I'd say something to him. I'd be like hey, Dan. That's not cool. You can't do that I mean did I laugh at the mantini part? Sure I did I'm only human I wouldn't stand in front of him and be like if you don't like it get the fuck out D-A-N I'm just saying if we're gonna live in a collapsing empire let's at least just be honest about it Because right now America is walking around like it's blue swedish shoes Elvis Look's good is new one of a kind shakes its hips and everybody feels real nice But in reality we are late stage Vegas Sitting in a stain jumpsuit passed out on a toilet full of barbictuates clinging to a half-eaten ham and peanut butter sandwich Elvis with With a few rich dick standing around us looking thinking how can we get one more hit out of this half-dead shell And Elvis for America is a good comparison because they both got where they did by stealing from black people so And I know some people are like Jesus. We're enough with this guy, right? Look I'm just up here working on material and while I do I thank you for your patience. Thank you The upside is we live in a time when we're probably gonna get to watch a billionaire explode in space so That's pretty exciting right Are you waving for that one miss no wave on that one? Okay. Yeah thumbs up. I like to see it. She's like yeah no fuck them Fuck them Yeah We might get to see a billionaire explode in space. That's exciting screw fireworks. That's what I want I watch every launch live I watch every launch live. I want to see it live. I don't want to catch the highlights later. I want it live I'm making food. I have drinks out. I have people over. It's an event. It's like daylight savings. I'm really I go big Nothing would make me happier to watch one of those things just pop If I had to pick I want to pay us I'm being greedy I'm being greedy, but so is he I want to pay us give me Jeffrey. It's wearing that dumb cowboy hat up to space like I was like oh give me give me give me I Would just love to see that thing pop in that hat feather down to earth right It's watching it. It's like Be like whoa got here so fast same day like prime I appreciate y'all showing up for this line. But what about thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you oh Weddo you
How's it going everybody? Thank you for coming out tonight. It is good to be here. It is good to be back. Now the COVID is over. You know, it was a weird time for everybody. But as you can imagine, a comedian who spends most of their time on the road, it was a very strange time for me. I live in Cincinnati, Ohio. And I remember I would get on social media every day and I'd see my buddies in New York and Los Angeles and they'd be in their one bedroom apartment, literal lockdown. And every day they'd say the same thing. I just want this to be over so comedy can come back and I can see people again because that's what comedy does. It lets us see people. But I'm married with two kids. So I wanted comedy to come back for a completely different reason than they did. I was ready to not see people for a little while. In the first club that reached out was actually the club in Cleveland and they said, hey, we're going to start doing shows again. What do you think about coming up? And I said, it sounds great. It can't wait. I'll see you soon. And they're like, we haven't told you what the dates are. I was like, I don't care when it is. I'll be there. And they're like, all right. Well, let's talk money. And I said, I'll give you $500 if you just let me spend the night in a hotel by myself. And I try to do things other comedians did during COVID to keep the rust off. I did stand up at a drive-in which was awful. I hated it. They hated it. I mean, they're trying to watch a movie. But I was like, listen, I have jokes to tell. It's good to be here, man. I know every comic you've ever seen says it's good to be here, but I mean it. Okay, this is a good gig. And I know, because I've done terrible gigs. Okay. I've done stand up dressed like an umpire during a minor league baseball game. That is a terrible gig. See, I've been doing this 25 years, okay? And six months in, I didn't know there's jobs. You're not supposed to take. So in the woman from the Dayton Dragons baseball team came up to me after a show and said, how would you like to play in front of a sold-out stadium? I was like, lady, I've been doing this half a year. Of course, I'm ready for it. So I drive up to Dayton for my home in Cincinnati, where it was a beautiful night at the ballpark, absolutely packed. They gave me my umpire uniform, which was two sizes too small. Not a good look on me, okay? And I realized that when this guy said, hey, your chest protector's on funny. I was like, I'm not wearing a chest protector. This is a medium. And I started to get nervous and I asked this guy, go, hey, man, what happens when I think this goes as bad as it's about to? And he goes, look, I was a linebacker for the New York Jets and the National Football League for seven years. I know what fear is. This is nothing. You're going to go out there. You're going to have a good time. If anything goes wrong, I'll come out and save you. Those people love me. I'm the one who throws them free t-shirts when I run around with the mascot. I was like, all right, thank you. I appreciate that. So it's the fourth inning. I'm supposed to go out there at the end of the inning. Well, in the bottom of the fourth, there's a close play at home plate. And the umpire makes a horrible call and gets into an argument with the Dragon Star player at the time, William O'Painia, and proceeds to throw him out of the game. Then the Dragon's manager goes out to argue and he gets tossed. Now we have 10,000 people booing the man. I'm going to pretend to be in about 30 seconds to try to get some laughs. The guy was like, hey, man, you want to wait a couple of innings? I was like, I'd like to wait a couple of games if that's okay. He's like, look, man, if you don't go out there, we can't pay you. I was like, all right, let's just wait a couple innings. So fast forward to now, I'm going to try it again. The ending ends. The umpire walks down into the dugout. I put the mask on. They make the announcement. Tonight's umpires. Also a stand up comedian and he's going to do his act for you. I step out onto the field. Boo, boo. It gets a home plate. I start doing my material. Okay. And they hate it. But by the end of the material, I feel like they're listening. They're not laughing, but they've stopped booing. And now I have to decide, do I want to finish with some dignity or just fly this plane straight into the mountain? So I had been making fun of people who go to the flea market. Okay? And I say, are there any NASCAR fans here tonight? I would be like NASCAR is huge at the flea market. Boo. Hot dogs, pretzels, anything you can throw is just hitting me from every direction. As I stand there smiling behind the mask because I can't fully explain it, but there's something exhilarating about feeling pure unfiltered hatred from that many people at one time. But also, this has not gone well. This has not gone the way it was supposed to. And I don't know how I'm supposed to finish when I see that guy jog out of the dugout and start jogging towards home plate. And I'm like, oh, great. He's going to come and tell everybody what happened. And he doesn't slow down. In fact, he picks up speed and he just spears me. I mean, just levels me. Now I'm laying on home plate, looking up at the sky. I'm not quite sure what's happened. Pretty sure I've sustained a spinal injury and 10,000 people could not be happier about it, right there, losing their minds. While this guy just parades around my lifeless body, soaking it in, right? So then he picks me up like I'm nothing, like a rag doll. Just tosses me over his shoulder. Then he grabs the mic up off the ground. He's like dragon fans. I'll take out the trash tonight. Yeah! So I'm flopped over his shoulder as he's carrying me to the dugout. Wind completely knocked out of my system. So right in his ear, I'm going, we get back underground. He's like, that was crazy. I was like, that's insane. What just happened? He goes, will you cry out there? I was like crying. No, it wasn't crying. I didn't think I was going to breathe ever again. I can't believe I did this for $35. So yeah, it's good to be here. Listen. I just like having my own thing to do during the day. I like to do whatever I want. And I get that one on the road. I don't get that one at home. If it's a family trip, I have no say whatsoever. Now long ago, we went to Amish Country. I don't know if anybody's ever been to Amish Country with that place. Sucks. It is terrible. Not fun. You know what I didn't like? I'll tell you what I didn't like, the people. I didn't like the people. I found them to be very hypocritical. Because they're like, we don't believe in electricity. But we'll use it if we need to run your visa card. And I don't like that attitude. And I told them, I said, go bigger, go home, is he killed? Don't plug up, dude. It's a slippery slope. And he didn't like me, probably because his name wasn't as he killed. And I kept trying to guess what it was. I was like, Abraham. No? Jebadi? All right, I'll stop. The only reason I agreed to go in the first place was if I was allowed to take pictures and document the whole trip on social media. And the first time I took a picture, I get scolded by the Somish guy. He's like, sir, we would appreciate if you go and take pictures, you didn't take him of us. And I said, why is that? He goes, pictures give people a sense of pride. We don't like to do things and make us feel proud. I'm like, you're charging three grand for a kitchen table without any chairs to go with it. I'm pretty sure you're proud of that table, all right? Why don't you worry about filling in that mustache? Because you look silly. I don't care how good your pretzels are. I'm never coming back here again. Are you kidding me? Not proud, really? Why don't you tell me for the fifth time how you put that bar in up in one day? OK, I don't need this. I left a miscaping Yelp review. I never heard back from a manager. Last year for Spring Break, we did Gatlinburg, Tennessee. In Gatlinburg? If you've never been, let me tell you about it, all right? Gatlinburg is an American Indian word. It means land of the couples that were matching airbrush t-shirts. I don't know if that's accurate, but it's accurate. And they always pick the same design, too. This is what it looks like. It's a silhouette of a much skinnier couple than the people who are wearing the t-shirts. And on the shirt, this couple, they're holding hands. They're in love, you guys. They're feeder in the sand. They're under a palm tree. There's a rainbow sunset on what is clearly the ocean in the background. Then they just write Gatlinburg across the top, so that you know which of the islands in the smoky mountains that they visited, right? They're just, they're not smart people. But it's great for people watching. If you like to people watch, this is your spot, OK? I don't know if you enjoy it or not, but, man, there's no better hobby. It's free. You know, you just sit there with someone you love and talk about the trash walk and buy for a couple hours, right? Gatlinburg is prime pickings. I mean, there's not that much white trash in a dumpster behind a paper plate factory. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's special. I love people watching so much. I take pictures when I do it and trade them with my friends like their baseball carts. Now, if you're into something like that, let me just give you a tip. Make sure that the flash and the sound on your phone are turned off, which I know sounds like a no-brainer. Guys, I've been doing this a long time. I messed up. Bad. I'm in line for security at the airport. I'm going this way. Coming at me is a gentleman. Hawaiian shirt shaved face, but out of the top of his shirt was this perm. I don't know the right. A toughed. It was the brightest, widest, busiest chest hair I've ever seen in my life. And I've been this airsoda. This was next slide, bro. It was teased, possibly bleached. He looked like a builder bear whose neck had been slit to send a message to the other builder bears to pick it up, whose numbers are down, right? And I knew if I didn't get a picture of him, I wasn't going to be able to sleep that night. But here's the rub. I couldn't do it from this distance and this angle. No one's going to see how awesome it is. If I want some likes, I got a time it so that when he's passing by, I can get that side view, the profile. So to do that, I have a face I make. It's very simple. The only thing I'm trying to convey with this face is what? I'm just checking Twitter, even though my phone's kind of pointed in your general graph. He stops right here. I hit the button. It's like, click, flash. I was like, there's a Pokemon on your shoulders. Sir, just hold on. We'll get it. Let's just be careful. The other tip, if you're going to take pictures while you people watch, is to make sure that you have a full battery. Charge up. Because that's what happened to me in Gatlinburg when I went to go people watching. I was at my favorite spot to do it there, which is the old-fashioned candy kitchen. I love that place. Because no matter what time of day you show up, you're going to see the same thing. There's going to be a hillbilly pressed up against a window who can't figure out how they're making taffy on the other side of the window. And it's the greatest day of their life. They're just like, what? No. I come look. Come look. It's where they make it. The taffy for Cracker Barrel. Yes, right here. I don't know how they do it, even though I can see the whole process. This is... I saw her standing there, a block away. The Mickey Mantle rookie card of people watching. I got so excited, I was like, I've heard about you. Oh, you are coming home with me. Easy girl. Easy girl. I'm not going to hurt you. Got close enough to take the picture, press the button, just a dead battery sign. What? No! I scared her. She ran back into a room. Please believe it or not. Believe it or not? And I just sat down on the bench right there in between the pancake pantry and Fanny Farquhul's arcade. I'm so mad. All this time, I tracked her. I just let her get away. I wish I could pull up a picture so you could see how awesome she was, but I can't, because I was careless. So I'll just describe her as best I can. She had early 1990s hair. Remember that look? Pull back tight in a ponytail, but in the front. Whee! Whee! Whee! And today's news. Whee! Whee! That thing. I think defied all logic and gravity. I was wondered how that was formed, you know? Because I was only ever saw the finished product, and then I showed up too early for homecoming one year. And there she was in front of the big mirror. So that was that lady's hair, okay? She's so hurtful. She looked like someone that might freak one of Long John Silver's slash Kentucky Fried Chicken. Two-in-one fast food restaurant. You ever go to one of those places? Another great spot for people watching. I don't know what it is, but the average redneck brain cannot process that there are two businesses operating behind one counter and sharing the menu space above. And the first time they see it, it just catches them off guard. They're like, okay, can I get a... Okay, what happened here? Am I in a food court? Like what? I want chicken. I can order from both of them. It's the same company. Oh, I didn't. Okay. Wow. Okay, while I'm getting a family meal deal, I get two sides. Could I get a side from this side and then a side from that side? I can. Okay. Well, extra biscuits. I knew that before I came in here. And, um, these Long John Silver's have hush puppies. Ooh, can I do that? Two breads? I can? Oh, yeah. Let's go that. And I was wondering, like, what is the big thing here? You know? Because I know that you think I'm joking just for the sake of doing comedy. I'm not. Okay? Sit by the register in one of these two-in-one fast food spots. Ten minutes tops. You'll hear a sentence that has never been formed in the history of words. It's because there's too many options. And people aren't prepared. And they get up there and then align forms behind them and they get nervous and they're like, oh. Do green beans go with tacos? Like, I don't even know what I'm looking at. It's the best. It really is the best. If you're going to do it and I recommend you do it, just make sure half of wherever you go is Long John Silver's. Because that is the place that brings them out. Okay? At any Long John Silver's, you will hear a grown man ask for extra crumbs, which I feel is just a new low for our society. If you don't know what I'm talking about, Long John Silver's is a fast food seafood restaurant. And what they do is they take chicken and fish and they dip it in a batter and then they put it in the fryer and when they flip it out of the fryer, little pieces of that batter break off. And then a pile of all those little pieces form and the people go, hey man, can I get a scoop of the stuff that things been laying on? Put some of that in my treasure chest. And when I heard it, I was like, that kind of just asked for more crumbs. He pushes a button on the register. Boop crumbs, 10 cents. I was like, you gotta be kidding me. What? How often does this happen? I mean, I thought I could be witnessing the first time in the history of Long John Silver's or some guys like, I'm so embarrassed to tell you this, but I'm a little short on cash. I got a long drive ahead of me. I'm so hungry. Could you just, I don't know, put some of that stuff into a cup. I could snack on it. No. No. It happens so much. It has been programmed into the register. Think about that. If whatever you want to call that stuff has its own button, which I'm pretty sure will all agree was not in their original business plan. That tells me there was a day that something happened. It's some Long John Silver somewhere, something happened to bring us to where we are. And as a people watcher, I'm just sad I wouldn't there to see it. Because I pictured it in my head a thousand times, right? Some toothless manger just comes storming out of the bag. Hey, somebody's going to start paying for these crunchies, right? I can't be giving this stuff away. I mean, if everybody's going to ask for it, we've got to figure something out, all right? I don't know how to make it. It's an accident. Y'all just love free stuff. That's why we got rid of Tartar sauce pumps and switched the packets. Super customer. Y'all were just pumping it right into your boats. Nobody needs that much Tartar sauce. Nobody. I'm sick of it. He tries to slam that door, but it's a metal kitchen door, right? Now you can just hear him in the back. I ain't selling down Ricky. I'm sick of this. They don't pay me to put up with it. I'm so mad my hands shaking. I'm supposed to bowl tonight. Now what? I'm done. I said it before, but I mean it this time. I'm done. As soon as I can afford that lift kit and then look, Brian tickets, you ain't ever going to see me again. I'm out. Well, of course I'm going. Florida Georgia Line's opening. I ain't going to miss that show. They're the only two dudes that even settle me down right now. You do that? All right. Well then you take the Nellie part. You make me want to roam a window. You're kind. You're very kind. What I just learned is that I've thought way too much about an incident at a long John Silver's that probably never happened. I'm obsessed. I just have so many questions about that company. I do. I think it's run by podheads. I'll say it. I think that's how they come up with their ideas. They get together. They get baked. They're like, Carl, what do you got? He's like, there have been several occasions where I was like, I want fried chicken and pizza at the same time. But I was not capable of driving to two different places. That's a great idea, Carl. We could put both of them in here. Two and one. Cut the rent in half. I love it. Yes, Ricky. I've always wanted to make taco shells out of Doritos. That's what I'm talking about. That might be the best idea to ever come out of one of these summits. Taco Bell is amazing. You guys like Taco Bell? Yeah. That's a very polarizing restaurant. No one's ever on the fence about Taco Bell. You just say it and people are like, absolutely or hard-past, which is a constipation joke but also a firm no. I respect Taco Bell because they know what I just said. They know if you're going to eat there, you're going to eat there. You ever seen a commercial for Taco Bell? Never make sense. Doesn't have to. Doesn't affect the bottom line. They'll put out a product that has the exact same ingredients as six other products on their current menu. They just change the name or shape of it and try to make you feel dumb when you call them out on it. They're like, you never had this. This is seasoned steak, lettuce, cheese, tomatoes, and sour cream encased in a flour tortilla. How does that sound? It sounds like a steak burrito. Well, it's not. One more time for the new guy. All right, steak burrito. See you right here. It's rolled up. This, guys, what we did here is we fold in the sides and we press it with a t-shirt iron. What is so hard to understand about the technology we've invested to make crunch wraps? They make up food and eat. Like those things don't exist. There's no such thing as a crunch wrap. They're dessert menus a joke. They just take other desserts you've heard of and change it a little bit. They're like, we're the only ones that have cinnabon bites. Isn't that just a cut up cinnabon? I mean, yeah, but we cut it up for you, okay? You could say, grossiest. Is there like a cool container? You're going to serve them to me in? Nah, man, it's just a drink cup. We gave it a slurpy lid so you could cut your fingers trying to get the ones off the bottom. They're not. I remember several years ago the hostess company went bankrupt and then a month later an unknown entity saved them from bankruptcy. I thought for sure it was Taco Bell. I was waiting on that commercial forever, right? It's the Twinkie Barito. We have stuffed a Twinkie full of taco meat. Some people are like, hotheads are like, absolutely. Sir, would you like Twinkie cream or sour cream? I don't care if it's coffee cream. I would just like my Twinkie Barito, some fire sauce, two hoho lupus, and a mound, too. I would like the Baja. Guys, we got a no BC problem in this country and I know you're like, is this dude about to make fun of fat people while using his stomach as an arm rest? And the answer is yes. It's not that funny, lady. All right, just relax. Thought I could fool you with a track jacket. They sell these anybody. You only got to be a runner. My weight's gone up and down my whole life and I blame the book at program. If you don't know what the book at program is, when I was in elementary school, Pizza Hut decided that the best way to solve the illiteracy problem was to offer children a free personal pan pizza if they read four books or told their teacher that they read four books. And I mean, it was awesome when you were a kid, right? You got pizza for doing homework, but 30 years later, nobody's making you read books and you're hooked on pizza. That's kind of what I'm going through right now. I knew I had to drop some weight because I reached the point where I thought people were talking about my weight all the time, whether they were or not, that's just where my head was. Like when the Delta flight attendant asked me to switch seats to balance out a Canada regional jet, that'll ruin your day real quick, okay? Because if I think about it, it's not me. It's where I'm sitting versus where there's too many empty seats. But if you're self conscious about your weight, that's not what you hear. What you hear is, sir, if you move 10 feet that way, the whole plan will fly properly. Could you help us out? Could you help us out? And if you have to use the restroom, please ring your call button so we can send two people to your seat. Okay, I don't want to turn this thing into a space shuttle. We're just trying to get to Florida. I don't know. I rationalize too much, right? I think, you know what? Everybody loves food. Why do I have to change? And it's true. Everybody does love food. Bath and body works with selling a candle that smells like mashed potatoes. How fat are you? Okay? When you want your bedroom to smell... like buttered mashed potatoes. This fat turns out, I got the gravy one too. It smelled amazing. It was... It was a great deal. It was by one good one. And I got a free bottle of fried chicken body wash because I opened up a credit card to pay for it. Yeah, it goes a good deal. Number one show on TV, six years in a row, was man versus food. Yeah, they're doing it again. They got a new guy because the first one exploded or whatever. We don't need to do that show again. I learned everything I was supposed to learn the first time around. I watched that show as if it were a documentary meant to show America what will happen to your body if you eat unhealthy every day for six years. If you watch it like that, it works. You could leave here tonight. Go to YouTube. Do a search for man versus food. Watch a clip from season one. Then immediately watch a clip from season six. You'll notice a difference right away. That guy was way skinnier when he started. And he had an amazing vocabulary. Where'd that go? Watch season one. He's very articulate. He's like, folks, there's a symphony of flavor going on in my mouth right now. When I bit down, I got heat from the peppers. I got sweet from the relish, little salt from the bacon. This place they've done it. I'll tell you, they have made perfect harmony in the form of a sandwich. And then six years later, he's like, this is yummy. He's really good. It's too easy to eat terrible. It's everywhere. And I fall for it. I see some gimmick food. They're like, this is the most calories ever. And I'm like, I gotta try that. Wendy's has a sandwich called Sun of Baconator. Their food is making babies when they're closed to sell the next step. Little sandwich children. Golden Carousel. That place is still a thing. Here we go to Golden Carousel. You can go once. Can't go twice. Because when you go that first time, you learn there are no rules. There is no code of conduct. That's why it's called Golden Carous. It's like the old west of eating. I was like, maybe this was a bad idea. We try to leave the guys like, sir, is there a problem? Look, man, I appreciate you giving me access to a chocolate fondue fountain for $9. The problem is I just watched the guy walk by with his prime rib. I was like, hey, man, that's not gravy. Oh no. Is that you got whipped cream on corn on the cob? It's called cream corn. But I've needed to lose weight for a while. And I feel like I tried everything. And I would talk about it on stage. And then people would yell out how they think I should lose weight. One lady's like, you should go vegan. And I don't know if there's any vegans in here with enough strength to raise your hand. But... Look, if you can do it, good for you. OK? I can't do it. I've only had one vegan experience. It did not go well. I was in Jacksonville. And I was walking down the street and I passed a bakery with all these beautiful things in the window. So I just kind of poked my head and I go, excuse me, man, what's that right there on the bottom? And she goes, that's a root beer float, donut. And we just took it out of the oven about a half hour ago. Do you want one? I was like, no, I want two. But only put one in the bag because the other one ain't making it out of this store. So she hands me the one over the counter. I take a bite as we walk to the register and I was like, Oh. She's like, are you OK? I was like, I think you made this wrong. She goes, no, I didn't make it wrong, sir. Are you not aware that you're in a vegan bakery? I was like, I don't even know what that means. And so she points to this sign behind the counter and it says, no product contains an ingredient that comes from an animal. And I was like, well, that's ironic because this is some bulls. No, no, I didn't say it, but I should have said it because she deserved to hear it. She did deserve to hear it. She should know when I came through that door, I was in the wrong place. Look at me. I guarantee I don't look like any of her regulars, OK? And I would have had a lot more spec for it if she would have been like, sir, I think I might want the place down the street. Don't worry, it happens all the time. You know, have everything you're looking for. Milk, eggs, butter, taste, right down the street. It's like four blocks, I'm sure you're calling Uber. You can wait inside. I do feel like I've tried everything though. I tried P90X. 90-day workout plan. I made it 15 minutes, about 15 minutes. So it was hard. Nobody on those DVDs look like me. Much like the vegan bakery, that should have been my clue. I'm in the wrong place, right? Everybody on there is yelling at me like they know me. Keep going. Love that pain. Enjoy the burn. Why don't you shut up, dude? It's easy for you to say, you look like you've been doing this your whole life. Why not put one guy that looks like me off to the side so that I have a basis of comparison to how things should be going on my end? You know, I'd like to see if he's also laying on the ground about to pass out before the warm-ups over. I'd like to know that I might check out disc two just to see what happened to that guy. I'd be like, well, we lost Kevin yesterday, but we're glad that you're back for leg day. And I'm sure, say you're like, Josh, I don't know you that well, but my guess is you went into it with the bad attitude. No, I didn't. I went into it with a great attitude. I expedited the shipping. I upgraded to the multicolored resistance bands. I was dressed and ready to go. The day I knew it was on the truck for delivery. I put that thing in and within seconds, regretted every decision I had ever made in my entire life that led me up to that moment. And the thing is, I didn't go out looking for it either, you know? I was just at home one night watching TV, minding my own business. When this guy comes on, he's like, hey, man, you want a six pack? Yeah. You want in three months? I mean, as soon as the better, I guess. Well, call me so I call them. It was so bad. And here's the other thing that bothers me. At that time, when I started it, my health level was right here, okay? And all I wanted P90X to do was get me from here to here, right? Just a little bump. I was so bad. I didn't want to do anything. I just sat around watching Netflix eat norios. Every kind of Oreo that came out, you know, they do like the special flavor Oreos. I want to try all of them so I could give them an honest review and these. I even put a fake IP address on my computer so I could order Oreos from other countries. I did. I tried Swedish fish Oreos. Yeah, they're terrible, but it was better than doing CrossFit. And then by the time I snapped out, I found myself here. I was like, this is messed up, dude. I'm fatter because I tried P90X. And that's how I went with everything. But I didn't get immediate results. I would just sit around and get fatter, sad that it didn't work. Jim memberships, exercise equipment, diets. I tried every kind of diet people told me about. Even if it sounded made up, I was like, maybe it'll work for me. I tried this Minecraft diet. Yeah, it's just three square meals a day. Listen. It's a great joke. It's a great joke. Thank you. Thank you, manager of GameStop. There's the only people that like that joke. All the grandparents are like, well, I'll tell them to my grandkids. Maybe they'll enjoy it. I don't know. I didn't like the order that P90X went in. They start with arms. Disc one, arms. I need my arms to do stuff tomorrow. The next day I couldn't get either arm higher than where this is. Do we all see that? That's how high both of my arms would go. So brush my teeth that morning. I had to brace against the door frame of the bathroom, lower my head down, and then just move it around on the toothbrush. Because my arms wouldn't work. My wife is, she's been very supportive of me through my comedy career, which I appreciate. She understands that, you know, I'm in a line of work. And I've been in it for so long that my brain is trained to come up with a joke in any situation, no matter how inappropriate a joke might be in that situation. I can't turn it off. I remember the day we found out she was pregnant with our first child. She took the test and she passed or whatever. And she's like, I'm not going to get excited until I hear it from the doctor himself. So we go to the doctor and he comes in. He's like, yeah, you guys are pregnant. Congratulations. And I said, what's the due date? He said, well, if the date you gave me is correct, I'm going to guess July 4th. And I was like, 4th of July, that'd be ironic. He goes, why is that? I go, I mean, the day that America is celebrating the birth of its freedom, I can mourn the death of mine. And it's a great joke. I stand by it and listen. At some point, probably should have just told him I was a comedian. Because when someone knows that you're a comedian, they let you get away with saying things like that. They don't get weird. They're just like, that's what he does. I could tell by his reaction, he had no idea what I did for a living. And in that moment, I had to decide, do I tell him and make this room more comfortable for everyone that's in it? Or do I challenge myself as a professional and try to replicate this exact same awkward silence over every visit for the next six to eight months? Of course, that's what I chose. That's back when she still thought I was funny. That goes away. One day I learned a valuable lesson, just shut up. It's good advice. If I ever meet newlyweds or engaged couples, I always tell the dude, bro, just shut up. You don't know how good this advice is, but it's advice I wish I'd gotten a long time before I had to figure it out on my own. I got terrible advice from my married friends at my reception. And I blamed the open bar for that, you know, looking back. I was engaged for a year and a half. They never said a word. Then there was free kettle one for four hours. Now I got 27 Dr. Phil's popping up every five seconds. And my one buddy, I knew it was going to happen. I told her a week out. I said, listen, he's probably going to get pretty drunk at our reception. And my only ask of you is if you see him talking to me or even walking my way, you pull me aside or I'll be stuck with him all night. She's like, don't worry about it. So sure enough, he's wasted. Okay, we all knew he's wasted. He's breakdancing by himself on the middle of the dance floor to the soundtrack from Aladdin during appetizers. We all knew. So he goes into his backspin on friend like me finishes. We lock eyes. He gets up. He starts stumbling my way. I try to find her. She's leaving the room. I was like, oh boy, here we go. And I've known this dude since we were three years old. I've never seen him this drunk. I was like, hey, man, you having a good time? Are you serious? This is the best way I've ever been to. And let me tell you something. I was laying over there. And I was like, I've been married for a minute. You know, what kind of best friend would I be if I didn't get my boy? Advice about marriage on his wedding night. So listen, if I was just going to give you just one really good. Sorry, sometimes I can feel they're walking up behind me. It's just... It's just... Just pick your battles. So every one of my married friends told me. He said, pick your battles. They said it like it was a secret. Top level intel. I was finally allowed to hear it. Pulled me aside. They're like, dude. It's so easy. Just pick your battles. It's terrible advice. What does it mean on paper? It means if I only argue my side every once in a while, I get to win that time. No, you don't. You never get to win. There'll be times you think you've won. She might even say, fine, you win. You have no idea how bad you've lost at this point. I don't like the word battles. I don't think that's accurate. Very dramatic. 90% of the things you argue about when you first get married are so dumb. She came out to me one time. Come here, you got a paper. What? You have a paper. What's a paper? Chosh the white stuff in your eye when you wake up in the morning. Paper. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life. She's like, why would you call it? I was like, sleep? That doesn't make sense. Yeah, it does. That's what it's called. So it's like one side, but it's both Jennifer. You have a piece of sleep in your eye, or you have some sleep in your eyes. It's the same word, singular and plural, like deer or fish. So we're going back and forth. Neither one of us is using the medical term. Whatever that stuff is when you wake up in the morning. My idiot friends are in the back of my head going, dude, you're about to decide what that's called in this house for the rest of your life. You might want to see this one through the end. So I was like, all right, battle pick. Let's dance. This is it. This is the one. I picked this one. I would like to select this battle to be mine. You could have the next 10, 15. I don't know. I was not given a number. I would like to choose this battle. Shit, no idea what I was talking about. It should be the same. I said, no idea what I was talking about. It should have been over right then and there, according to legend. Nope. Two hours later, I say sleep. She says peepers. I'm like, I'm sick of arguing about this. Let's just call somebody else. We get her friend Heather on the phone. Well, I say crusties. Yes. Kidding me? It's for your nose. You got a crusty or there's a bad in the cave. We're not even talking about this. So we call my friend Dave. I'm a grown man. I'm not going to call him I, but why didn't I just shut up? Why didn't I just, if I just shut up, I'd be sitting on the couch all by myself, playing Call of Duty in a much better mood. What's that? Peeper? Oh, I must have missed that this move. Whatever. But, you know what we call it? Peepers. You're right. We call it peepers. So what was all any of it for? I have no idea. You learn things when you get married. You know, your life goes into a fast forward when you get married. It's like, as soon as you get married, then it's like, that's what, what about a grand kid? When you get us a grand kid? I'm like, take it easy. All right? We've been married four weeks. I think you can wait six months to meet your grand kid. But, you know, and then they get all excited, but they don't understand sarcasm. I learn where grandparents' names come from, finally. You know, you never meet grandma and grandpa. It's always me, mall, peepap, me, me, new. And I always wanted to make fun of that guy, but I can't. He didn't choose to be called that. No one would. It's not up to him. You know what it's up to? The first grand kid. Everything's up to them. If they can't say grandpa, whatever comes out instead, that's what sticks. Hey, say grandpa. Ship top. No. No, please, no. I've waited my whole life for someone to call me grandpa. Ship top. Ship top. He already knows. He knows it for the rest of his days on this earth. He's going to sign every birthday and Christmas card. Love, ship top. And mud hut. Ma'am, I'm mud hut. It's because this one's too stupid to say grandpa, right? This stuff keeps me up at night. My wife, you know, thinking I'm funny, like that was a huge part of me ending up with her, because I had had so many issues trying to find a woman that I felt really appreciated my sense of humor, because you hear it growing up. A woman love a guy with a good sense of humor. Is that true, ladies? Is that attractive? If a guy can make you laugh? Hear that, fellas. Do you hear that? That's what a lie sounds like. So just know it. I just helped you out right there. If you're looking for a tell, I just gave you one. They think they mean it. They don't. When I was in college, I used to get Maxim magazine. And every time I get it, I'd flip to the middle and they'd have some beautiful celebrity laying there. And they'd be like, Scarlet Johansson, what do you look for, a guy? And she'd be like, he could be fat and stupid and poor. As long as he makes me laugh. Just stop it. Okay? Like, being funny never helped me get the first date, you know? Like anytime I ever tried to use my sense of humor to impress a girl, it backfired. January of 2005. I will never forget this day. For as long as I live. I'm walking through them all. Very attractive woman in front of Victoria's Secret stops me and I'm walking by. She's like, excuse me, sir. Hi. Are you shopping for a wife or girlfriend today? And I was like, no, why? She goes, we're having an after Christmas sale. And all our bras are 50% off. So I say, I like when your bras are 100% off. Right? I mean, that quick. Man, I'm not going to, I was proud as I've ever been in my life. Not because it's that funny, but the timing was impeccable. And she didn't get it. She didn't get it. She's like, 100% off. Then they'd be free. Well, that's one way of putting it. You know what? You're right. At that point, they would, in fact, be free, which is back to back jacks where I come from. But I just got her even more confused. She's like, okay, hang on a second. Stephanie? Steph? I'm sorry, I'm just going to run this by my manager. Like, I just started last week. Maybe there's a deal they haven't told me about. Where you, where you get one. Oh, she's coming. Okay, this is my manager, Stephanie. Hi. Steph, this gentleman said that he thinks our bras should be 100% off. Does that? And the other girl was like, can you say that? I'm sorry. My new employee, don't mess with her. Then we wouldn't make any money. And I was like, well, I think you're wrong there, too. But listen, I digress. There's a moral to that story. It's very subtle. I don't know if you picked it up. But sometimes you got to do it for the story. Okay? If I was really trying to get a date out of that, maybe I would have played my cards a little better. But I said what I wanted to say. And at the very worst, I had an awesome story to tell you about it. And that's what I'd say to everybody. Do what makes a better story for you. All right? There'll be times in life where I'm like, I shouldn't do this. But I know 250 people in Sarasota that might want to hear about it if I do. And I do it for you. Okay? Yeah. Many years ago, I farted on Jessica Simpson. Now to some of you, apparently, that's a complete story. There's a lot more to it. Okay? I don't just go around crop dust and celebrities. She earned it. Here's what happened. I was living in Los Angeles and I was flying home to Cincinnati for Thanksgiving. It was a red eye flight left L.A. at 1 a.m. stopped in Texas. Then that same plane continued on to Cincinnati. Now, the airport is dead this time of night. I'm not really paying attention to anybody. And I give the lady to my ticket. And I start to walk down onto the plane. The jet bridge is backed up. And I noticed a girl standing directly in front of me is Jessica Simpson. Now, at that time, she was married to Nick Lache, who is also from Cincinnati. At the time, he was always seen around town at sporting events and night clubs. His whole family still lived there. It's Thanksgiving. I thought, that's probably where she's headed, too. So just making conversation. I go, you going to Cincinnati? And she was like, are you talking to me? No. Why would I go to Cincinnati? And in my head, I was like, well, aside from the list of reasons that I just came up with, is that a crazy question to ask anyone getting on a plane that's going to end up in Cincinnati. But I kept my cool. I was like, oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't trying to pry. I just thought maybe you're going to visit your husband or his family for the holidays. I said, I'm staying at a comedian. I've actually met him a few times. He's always been a really cool guy. And she goes, I'm sure you've met my husband. And I was like, no, you did. I was upset, okay? Because I, nor anyone, ever deserves to be treated that way. I don't care who you are or how many times I've downloaded pictures of you and then photoshopped myself into him. That's not the point right now. And I would have been able to get over it if I was sitting anywhere else on that plane. But she's in the last row of first class. And I'm one row back in coach across the aisle. So every time I glance up, I see her in her big comfy chair, getting whatever she wants, brought to her the second she asked for it. And I just, every time I looked at her, I got mad again. And I thought about my friends back in Ohio, the whole time I lived in Hollywood, the only thing they ever asked me was, have you met anybody famous yet? Now I finally had. What was I going to say? Yeah, she's not very nice. That's a boring story. So. We land in Texas. I'm wide awake in the middle of the night. And I decide, you know what? I'm going to just get off the plane, I'm going to get some food, and I'm going to get back on before it takes off. So I step out into the aisle. She's just waking up. By the time she gets her stuff together, she ends up directly behind me while we're waiting for the front door to open when I felt it. And it wasn't like my stomach hurts. It was, this is God, let me get my revenge for the way that I was treated a couple hours ago. Right? And even then I was like, I shouldn't do it. If it makes a sound, everybody's going to know it was me. Plus the power of the plane had been turned off, so the air wasn't circulating anymore. So there were going to be a lot of civilian casualties. You know what I'm saying? Some serious collateral damage. But it's all I could think to do. I knew at that moment it was going to be that story or no story. So, I throw it out there, and it's awful. Okay. It was unacceptable. There were people turning around, like they might be able to spot it in the air. They were just like... And I wanted to turn around to see if she was making a face, but I knew I couldn't do without laughing. So I'm like, the door's still closed up here. I was like, keep it together. We're going to be out of here in just a minute. The war is over. Clearly I'm the victor. Alright, so we finally get out into the terminal, and I get this feeling. It's a feeling the comedians have when they think something's funny. It doesn't count until someone who's not a comedian says, yeah, that's good. So I call my best friend, back in Ohio, where it's 4.30 a.m. He's like, hello. I was like, look, man, I'm not trying to scare you. I still need to be picked up in a couple hours. I just let... I had to let somebody know that about 10 minutes ago, afforded on Jessica Simpson. And from a sound sleep, he says, that's awesome. And I was like, thank you. Thank you for saying that. You know, because if he liked it at 4.30, he was going to love it at noon. So thank you guys for coming out tonight. I appreciate you being here. Have a good night.
I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. Let me go. That's what we like to hear. GOOD TO SEE EVERYBODY. I wanted to film my specials. I wanted to film my specials. I wanted to do something cool. I wanted to do something unique. I'm gonna film it in a rock club. I love rock and roll music. I love Zeppelin, Skinnerd, all the modern bands. And I got a comedy club that was being like the movie Demolition Man, and I could not be happier. And I do have some good news to report right off the bat. You guys hear Apple Beasts is bringing back the $1 long Island Ice Tea. Yes. Woo! The cheapest DUI in town is back. You want to take a tour of your local prison four bucks. LAUGHTER Look, I'm all for drinking yourself the debt like Nicholas Cage and leaving Las Vegas, but it should cost you more than $6 to accomplish that feed. How many guys do you think get drunk at Apple Beasts? Get arrested, and then they use their one phone call in jail to call the Apple Beasts. I let my credit card. Can somebody pick it up? Ah. That's just scary. But folks, look, in life, there are good deals, and then there are discounts that are dangerous. You're never going to walk into a pet store. Hey, all snakes. $1. Have that. The kids seem to like the ones that rattle, so maybe pick one of those. That's a different level of drunk now. Apple Beasts drunk. Like a normal drunk, you go out. So, let me be all probably normal drunk right now. I'm normal drunk right now. You know? You go out, you have a few beers, your night, you wind up at Denny's. Apple Beasts drunk. You wind up in a different country. Normal drunk, you go out, you pass out and your buddies catch. Apple Beasts drunk, you pass out in the middle of the forest. All your friends are dead. And I like to eat. I like to drink, which clearly means I picked the right town to take my special in. Right here in Chicago. This is where you do it. I've been training for this thing for a long time. So, I've been doing stand-up obviously, but then I also wanted to physically prepare myself to look great on camera. And so, I've been working out with a trainer the last three months. I was gaining muscle mass, losing body fat, two days in Chicago. It's all done. We're right back to square one. I had an app, guys, in LA. I had an app. You couldn't see it all the time. And I didn't say apps. I said, one app. Of the six, it was the one right up here. I have like a little window in my bathroom because who wouldn't want to look? And you get out of the shower at a certain point, and you stare in the mirror, and if the light comes through, and you put the staff of Ra right here, and the light shines in, you can see the app. And that's gone now. 38-year-old discipline Mark L was got on a plane at LAX. And when that plane landed at O'Hare, deep planning was a very different person. It was no longer the adult Mark L was the 11-year-old shubby Mark L. I like K-so popcorn, nuts on Clark, nuts on Clark. I'm trying everything in your city. I cannot say no to pizza. I love all kinds of pizza. I'm not a picky person when it comes to pizza eating. I'll do anything. I'll do delivery. I'll do frozen. I will take nine Beggle bites and form one giant slice. LAUGHTER Gimmick pizza's ruined me. It doesn't matter what the gimmick is, I'm going to buy it. I remember being a chubby little kid and seeing the first ad for pizza-hut stuffed crust. Oh, as a fat kid, that was like our beetles on Ed Sullivan moment. LAUGHTER Everything changed that night. The grass was greener. Flowers smelled sweeter. The diabetes was more type A. It was a good day. I saw a commercial for a bacon cheeseburger pizza. And like, Cawkr, I can't even help it. My hand just grabs my phone. Hey, it's me. Send it. You know where to send it. Like, it's gotten so bad. My friends, they won't even let me into a conversation about pizza. Because my friends are passionate. They'll be arguing like, New York versus Sicilian. I come walking in. You guys see that guy? You can fold all those boxes? LAUGHTER You guys know if you order Papa John's and Domino's at the same exact time the drivers have to joust. LAUGHTER It's in the Bible and the Quran. It works both ways. LAUGHTER It's true. The drivers have to joust. And the loser works at Little Seasers for the rest of his career. CHEERING But I'm here in Chicago, and I like to do as the locals do wherever I am. So like, if I'm in Kansas City, I'm going to eat some ribs. If I'm in Nashville, I'm going to listen to some country music. If I'm in Chicago, I'm going to pay two guys to beat the shit out of me. Because that's what you do. CHEERING CHEERING Just so small, it's an actor. He's not a very convincing one. He's an actor who, allegedly, allegedly, hired two guys to jump him. And it's like, dude, why would you hire two people to jump? You're in Chicago. If nobody's mugging you, wait 10 minutes. LAUGHTER They're on route. And I get it. He just wanted attention. He just wanted sympathy. And we all want that. He wanted to get a better job. I've had jobs that are so bad, I would actually take the beating over the job. You ever have those jobs like you walk in and you're thinking it's like Tuesday morning? You're just going over all that stack of papers on your desk. And right before you get to the front door, you're like, I just wish someone would come and pistol with me right now. Just do it. I don't want to be filing reports. I want to be laying in bed collecting cards. I want get well cards. Not get well soon cards. Get well cards. Because I intend to take my sweet ass time healing from these injuries. And if that joke offends you, you guys want to at me, you want to, you want to complain? You don't have to worry about it. Karma already took care of the job. Because not a week had gone by when I was doing that joke. What happened? My face got attacked. I had my own face wounds. You can still probably see it right here. So I got mine done for free. Here's what. Here's what happened. I'm the co-owner of a dog. She's a half-begal, half-boss and tear named Molly. She is fantastic. She is the best. She just lets me borrow her Instagram handle once in a while. So the way that I come by Molly is that she belongs to my ex-girlfriend. Now, my ex-girlfriend and I are still really good friends. And Molly and I are still best pals. So that makes me the dog stepfather. I get to be the stepfather of this beautiful dog. And being a dog stepdad is a lot like being a kid stepdad. It's the same thing. You come in. They're already done with potty training. So the only rule you have to adhere to is as soon as you're done having sex with the mom, you give them a treat. And all is good. So. And so Molly, now we go to the dog park. All the time. And it's great. Now Molly was not in this particular fracas. Molly, as soon as she goes to the dog park, she doesn't really want to talk to other dogs. She's done sniffing butts. She just wants to go around the perimeter. Like, she walks around the outer perimeter of the dog park. Like, she's Tim Robbins and Shaw Shank. Like, casing the joint for some sort of weakness. And these two big dogs started getting that. And I saw it. And I'm like, you know what? I can break this up with my hands. Let's see how my face does. And I got right in there. And a dog jumped. Took a chunk out of my face. And it really hurt. And it's such a sad realization knowing you are not going to be on tiger beat. This particular month. It's rough, man. But the scariest part about being bit by a giant dog, it's not the pain. It's not the aftermath when you're bleeding. The scariest part about being bit by a giant canine is the next night it was a full moon. Yeah, that's not cool. Like, I've seen a lot of movies. And I'm driving home. And the clouds part. And I see the moon. And I'm like, wait, am I itchy because of allergies? There is something else going on here. Yo, I raced home. I run into my apartment. Now, I don't own any silver bullets, but I drink a lot of course light. So, run in. Sugar six, peck. I blast Bob Seeger in the silver bullet band. And I healed myself of my werewolf tendencies. And that's what you got to do, man. You got to take the lawn to your own hands there because you do not want to become a werewolf. If you become a werewolf, what's going to happen is you go crazy, you got a hairy, you run around, you attack people, you kill some people, you wake up in the woods and the next day you lean over. There's a guy there, dude, what do you do? I don't know, man. I went to Applebee's last night and this happened. I love my job. I love traveling. I travel around a lot. People make the misconception about comics that were on tour. And sometimes we'll brag about it. Like, hey, I'm going out on tour. Comics don't really ever tour. Rockstars. They go on tour. Comics, where does in Jacksonville? Our tours don't have cool names. This isn't the Mark Ellis invasion tour. This is the let's see if Mark pays his rent. Again, this month tour. I was paying my rent a couple months ago. I was in Indiana doing a college because success. And I was doing Vaprezo College and I get in there and I stayed at a hotel. I've never had the walls this thin in my entire life. And I'm not going to name the hotel. But let's say if you were going on a holiday, this is an end you want to avoid. Staying there and I can hear people having sex above me. I can hear people having sex below me. I can feel people having sex right next to me. Yes, sir. Old Mark Ellis was trapped in an Indiana fuck queue. And then I got to go do a show the next day. I got to do a college show and the kids are great. They were awesome. It was like 300 kids there. So afterwards we're doing the meet and greet. I'm taking pictures with the eight of them that stuck around. And they all came up and they all asked me the same question. They said, hey, are you going to go to the chocolate factory? And I'm like, what is the chocolate factory? I think I might have heard some people go to the chocolate factory last night. I don't know what the term meant. I don't know if it's some colloquial Midwestern thing. Like, I hear he's taking her to the chocolate factory tonight. But now, apparently outside Balpo, there's like one of the more recognized chocolate factories in the United States, which is cool, except I am way too old to want to go to a chocolate factory. Because I'm an adult. On these college kids, they're wide eyed, they're excited. They haven't seen Willy Wonka in the chocolate factory. Like, I have seen Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory. Because when you're a little kid and you watch that movie, you think, wow, look at how much fun a chocolate factory would be. As an adult, you watch that movie and you realize none of those kids made it out of that factory alive. The only one that escaped with his life was Charlie Bucket and he got the worst deal out of any of them. Charlie and Willie and Grandpa Joe take off in an elevator that has never been tested before. And Willie offers him in an elevator, so it's not like Charlie can say no. Willie says, you know what, Charlie, you get the keys to the factory. It's yours. Because what 13-year-old wouldn't want a factory job for the rest of his life? Wonka was running that place like the fire festival. Here's the keys I am gone. I have fun with the investigation. I'm going to Aruba. So I did not go to the chocolate factory. I went to a nearby bar and I had myself some fizzy lifting drinks. And I got nice and I got drunk and then I realized, hey, Mark, you're drunk. You know, it's time to do now. It's time to uber your way back to your hotel. So I walk outside, pull up uber and I realize that uber is a very different experience in Indiana. Because you know, in Chicago, I live in Los Angeles. You pull up your uber here and there's cars all around and one of them is going to pick you up and take you home, right? Indiana, very different experience because uber in Indiana, that app, it's just a map. Indiana is not awake so you're walking home. And it really, it's one of those moments of clarity you have because you realize how much you rely on technology to take care of yourself. Like uber, I trust that way too much. When you bring it down, it's just an app on your phone. You hit a button and some stranger in a Kia shows up and we trust that person to give us a ride home. It's like, well, you knew my first name. I guess I'll show you where I sleep. Come on, it's this way. They have a new service it is introduced and this is only in Southern California right now and it's called sober scooter. Get ready to get creeped out. Listen to this. So let's say you're out drinking, right? You don't want to drive your car home so you call sober scooter. That means somewhere else in town, there's a gaggle of dudes and they all have a scooter. One of them gets a call, hops on their scooter and rides. They're trusty steed to the bar where you are. You give them your car keys. You walk out your car, they put you in the passenger side, pop the trunk, put their scooter in your trunk. Get in the driver's side, drive your drunk ass back to your own house in your own vehicle. Yeah. And if you think that's a good idea, you've never been stabbed. It's like if I tip him does he come in and read me a bedtime story? You know when his afterwards he gets a scooter back and he goes home to grandma's basement to put on the skin of whatever client he had last week. That's an adult that rides a scooter. Which means by definition he sucks at driving a car. He has deemed him worthy of two wheels and a helmet. That's it. I'm not letting Gary near my car. He's not getting near the Ford Fusion. I'll tell you that much. You heard me right ladies, Ford Fusion. Yeah. Sounds futuristic because I'm not getting laid in the future either. I've had three cars in my life. I had a 95 Honda Civic, you know. Good starter car, the X-wing of Earth. And then I upgraded to a Chrysler 300 M, which had one previous owner and her first name started with M and ended with Om. And then June you're finally stepped up and said you know what I'm going to get my car. I'm going to go lease a Ford Fusion. And so I put on a watch and a collared shirt so the guy thinks I'm employed. And I show up. Why is we're told credit reports fabricated? I got the lease. Walk out to the car. First thing he shows me in the new car, he doesn't show me any of the cool stuff inside. Because inside the car, it's amazing. You can name your car whatever you want and your car will respond to the name you give it. I drive around and I tell Commissioner Gordon to play hot for teacher and he'll do it. Problem was he didn't show me that. And this thing he does is he takes me around back and he pops the truck and he's like dude, check this out. Inside the trunk, there's a handle. You can pull in case you get locked in your trunk. Get on in there man, try it out. 20 room for you and you're scooter. You're going to have a good time in that trunk. And I bought the Ford Fusion. I like the car fine but there's a lot of pressure because I'm originally from the south. And anytime you're from the south, you're going to have redneck friends. I love. But redneck friends, they always make you buy American. Doesn't matter what you're buying. It could be gum, refrigerator, Indian food. That ship better be made right here. It's all my boys back home and getting a new car. That's when they perk up. You're going to buy American, right? And if you bought like three more of them, come out of the bushes. Do you say American already? Is he going to buy American? So it did. I went out there. I bought a Ford Fusion. That's a car made right here in the United States of America. I legal amazes using foreign parts. It was made right here. And I feel like I can claim the south. I was born in North Carolina, grew up mainly in Virginia, which it's like the good south. We like fireworks. We can read. It's a good mix of the two. And when I say read, you guys know I mean watch vids on YouTube. It's the same thing. But now our family's all spread out because I live in California. My mom, my sister, they're back in Virginia. My brother's up in Seattle. So we're all spread out, which is great for me because in my family, my role, simple. I got the best job. I am an uncle. I'm an uncle. And being an uncle is easy because being an uncle means you come to town once a year and you get to be cool. You get to be that uncle. You can blow into town. You bring him some presents. You tell some funny stories. You get out of dives. They think you are awesome. Remember when you were a kid? I'll call you that your uncle was. You didn't know that Uncle Bob lived on a houseboat and didn't pay his taxes. You had no idea. I love being an uncle. Being an uncle is like if Guy Fieri was a person. Like that's how cool it is. I'm not making fun of Guy Fieri because trust me, uncles, that's like our Elrott Hubbard. We love that guy. Guy Fieri is the ultimate uncle because he does what every uncle dreams of. Every time you see Guy Fieri on TV, what's he doing? He comes into town. He's driving some badass sports car, cranking 80s rock. The locus is like, hey Guy, he tells some funny stories. He cooks for him. Next morning, Guy gets the hell out of town. And the locus is like, come back soon Guy. That's what uncles want. You don't visit us. You do not come visit the uncles. Uncle's we come to you. You cannot visit Guy because Flavor Town is not a place. It's a state of mind. These great things that happen once you become an uncle. For instance, did you guys know once you become an uncle, you never have to buy flip flops again. They're automatically there. Every room, it's like magic. It's like the Tim Allen Santa Claus movie. To become an uncle, I had to push another one off the roof. And now every morning I wake up, whether I like it or not, I got gas station sunglasses, croquis and a federal booby inspector shirt. I found out I was going to be an uncle because four years ago, four years ago, I got a text message from my brother. And all it said was, hey, Kate's pregnant. And so I do any good older brother should do. I wrote him back. Is it yours? You know, you got to make sure. Now, I didn't realize her whole family was also cc'd on the text message. There's certain things that the sunglasses emoji does not cover up. But that's how my family communicates. It's all done by text chain. It's all the same three things. It's either recipes, gardening tips, or pictures of the kids. And I love seeing pictures of the kids. But if you're a parent out here, I have a memo for you. From the rest of us, we don't need to see the bathtub once. I know every kid, he's there in the bathtub and it's so cute. Keep that shit to yourself. OK, to you, it's adorable. To me, it's a felony. I don't want it on my phone. All right? I want to see a picture of the kiddo not have myself on a federal watch list. OK? If you're a parent, you upload that to Instagram. It's 20 likes. If I upload it, it's 20 years. No, thank you. I don't need that stuff in my life. And I know being a parent's stuff. I know being a parent, there's so much responsibility. You have to clothe it. You have to feed it. You have to hug it. It's probably stop calling it after some point in its life. And I don't want to go through any of that. And I think it's tougher today. There's some things that have made parenting easier. Like medicine, blues clues. There's some ways that it's cooler. But it's tougher now to discipline your kids because you can't do what you used to be able to do to discipline kids. Try to spank your kid today. See what happens. You try to spank your kid today. They're going to tell on you. Yeah, they're going to find a neighbor, a teacher, a news crew. They're going to rat your ass out. Back when I was a kid, the spanking was in play. The spank was a possibility. Now, the story goes in my family that there's three kids, an older sister, a younger brother, and me, the middle one. Only one of us ever got spanked. It only happened one time. And it's from the guy that's talking to you right now. What happened was that I got spanked. And my dad apparently felt so bad about the spanking. He could never lay a hand on any one of us ever again. Yeah, we didn't know that. So the threat was still there. All you have to do is like this. And we're like, all right, well, and if we didn't shut up, then all my dad did. He grabbed his belt buckle. And we're like, what is happening now? That's... Is he taking his pants off? This has got creepy, dude. What? Got even more real on the road trip. Remember the road trip with your family? Discipline at 80 miles an hour on the highway? I was an Air Force grad. So he moved around all the time. Every road trip, same situation. Dad drives, moms in the pastor seat, three kids in the back. Now, as soon as the road trip began, mom passes out. So he's about spending time with us made her sleepy. So she's done. So now Dad's got to do everything. Right? He's got to do all the driving, the navigating, and the parenting. This is back before the GPS day. So he had like a map folded over here, cranking an RB's beef and cheddar in this hand, and he's trying to drive. So if we got out of the back seat, first thing my dad did, never yelled at us right away. First thing my dad did is he got really quiet, focused. Like he's planning what he's going to tell the cops after this blood bath and soons. And then it got louder. That's when I got physical. That's when you'd see Dad driving with this hand, and then this hand comes off the wheel. This hand grabs the wheel. So this one is free to just hit whatever he can find in the back seat. My dad always had a bad rotator cuff, and now I know why. It's like this. And that was always cool with me and my older sister, because we always made my little brother ride bitch. As soon as that hand came up, we're like, get in there Robbie, learn some life lessons. That was the only time my sister and I have really teamed up as kids. We're cool now. We love each other. But back then, we were at odds most of the time except for the road trip. That was the only time we colluded together. It was like two sovereign nations teaming up to get a common enemy. It's like if Japan and China team up to get North Korea. Or if the United States and Russia team up to get the American people. It's like that. But if that didn't shut us up, my dad would shift to phase three. Now phase three, this is the all time dad threat on the road trip. That's where he would say, if you kids don't shut up right now, I'm going to pull this car over. The side of the road. And just to reinforce it, he pull over to the grate a little bit. And we're like, oh, he's doing it. He's doing it. So I'll pull this car over. Yank you out, line you up on the side, spank each one of you in broad daylight. And if you saw that happen today, somebody else on the road is going to call child services. But back when I was a kid, other cars would see that and start honking their horns. Bram, bram, use your belt. It's more fun. The police would be driving by. I do. That's awesome. You want to borrow my night sticks? Some pepper spray? You good? Sober Scooter comes by. Can I play it with those kids after you're done? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I love my dad, though, man. I consider my dad to be my all-time best friend. My dad passed away a few years ago around this time. But he's my all-time hero. He's my best friend. I know that he's up there watching over me. Everything I do except like shower, because that'd be. It'd be a little creepy, right? I think. I don't know how it works, but I'm pretty sure when I go to the bathroom, he goes outside and plays catch with John Lennon. I'm really spitballing ideas, hopes, really. My dad always had this catch for his ID. He would always say, Proudy a boy. If I did something good, he'd have to use it much. But when he did, you know, he got a good grade on a test or I had a good basketball game. He'd say, I'm proudy a boy. Proudy a boy. And I've always tried to make him proud. So one of the things I love doing is a comic. He gives me the great privilege to entertain our troops. I just got back from a USO tour overseas. And I was in Jordan. You go near Syria, near Iraq. And it's amazing. It's eye opening to be over there, because this is the military. Like, they're willing to go overseas and defend our freedom. Me, I will fake being sick to get out of playing paintball. But once you get over there, you do the show for the truth. They love it. And then they take you around. They're like, hey, let's show you what we do for a living. And I'm all about it. Like, I got to put on the suit from the Hurt Locker, which is like such a shitty way to say it. Because it's not from the moon. It's like we went to the Smithsonian. And I'm like, that's the one. These are real things. These are things that people do. They get me in the suit. And the suit weighs like 100 pounds. You put on the helmet's like another 30 pounds. And I look to him after I have it on. I'm like, all right, let's do some push-ups, boys. And I get down there. So two hours later, they revived me. And we move on to the next station. I love the next station, because that's where all the German shepherds are. They will go after suspects. They'll like, you snap your fingers. They go run and charge them. And usually, I volunteer to put myself in the big rubber suit. Don't think that's going to happen again. And then this trip, I got to do something I've never gotten to do before. And I was so thrilled. I got to meet a pilot. Got to meet a pilot. And you say, well, Mark, you don't meet pilots when you go to the shows. No, the pilots are off somewhere else. They never come to the comedy shows, because they're studying, or they're training, or they're playing volleyball. They are doing something important. But they take me out to the tarmac. And apparently, this pilot is a phantomite. And so I see an F-18 land. I didn't even know the Fs went that high. It lands. And it pulls in to its parking spot. I don't know. I don't know any of this stuff. And he pulls in. And then I started to get real intimidated because the cockpit opens. And emerging is this seven foot tall stallion. He was like 55. But to me, he's like seven feet. Took his helmet off. He had short hair, but I just saw flowing locks. For the grouse crew, this is a normal day. For me, I'm looking at a Fabio book cover. The guy gets off the plane. He climbs down the ladder. And he's walking towards me. He's got the cool aviator shades. And he's got that confident. I just flew a fucking airplane walk. And I get ready to shake his hand. And one of the grouse crew leans him, they're like, hey, his call sign is molar. And I'm like, molar. I was expecting a Maverick and Iceman, molar. And then they say, yeah, they call him molar. Because the last time he was in a bar fight, he knocked the guys teeth out. And keep in mind, this is like right before I'm up here to meet molar. And molar comes in and he has that alpha handshake where he just takes you straight down. And he's like, hey, how you doing? I'm like, oh, god, that's it. And I didn't know what I was going to say to him, because I'm excited to meet him. But then I hear this molar thing. I'm like, did he fail out of dental school? And so this is the first words out of my mouth. He comes up and he's like, hey, I'm molar. And I went flossing and flying. LAUGHTER Molar felt sorry for me. Puts his arm over my shoulders. Like, hey, man, let me show you around the plane. So he shows me around the F-18. And I love everything I'm seeing. But then I get transfixed on one particular part. I'm right here. I'm looking up at a missile. Or if you're from Britain, it's called a missile. I'm looking right up there. And molar can see that I'm enamored. Or as he would say, enamored with this missile. I'm looking at it. And so molar says, hey, let's get this guy a step ladder. And he's going to autograph the missile. And I'm like, yeah, I'm going to audit. Do I go to hell for that? So they bring a step ladder. And molar, he just pulls a sharpie out of one of his many pockets. I don't know if you all know this. A military loves pockets. You've seen those uniforms. Their code is like, God country pockets family. So sharpie out is like, here you go, man, autograph it. And so I'm thinking, oh, God, all these people are gathered around waiting to see what the funny boy is going to write on the missile. And I'm like, oh, God, what do I do? So I get up there, flossing and flying. That was my big opener. And then I signed my name. I drew some shark teeth. I put the van, hang on the logo on it. And then I wrote four out of five dentist recommend this missile. That was, that was weird. Hi, molar. And I should have dropped them like there. But I kept going. The last thing I actually wrote on there was I put my Twitter handle on it. What kind of a douche puts a Twitter handle on a missile? Like, I'm thinking if this thing's a dud, I'm going to get some new followers out of it. Just get a tweet in the middle of the night, LOL, better luck next time. Some good news in the world, too. This happened a couple of weeks ago. There's a 98-year-old woman that just graduated from college. 98. Somebody turned 94 and was like, I got to get my life together. Where are you going on spring break? Heaven? LAUGHTER College is supposed to be the best four years of your life, not the last four years of your life. Just think about it. When you're that old, you don't have to go to class. Right? When you're 90s? You already live like a college kid. You have the same schedule. You get up, you get high, you want surprises right? Back to bed. That's it. Clock out, military. Your day is complete. That's the greatest generation for you. She's under 90s and still being productive. I'm 38. Cannot wait to get into a retirement home. You seen those ads on TV? I saw an ad for one the other day. I live in Los Angeles. This place is in Florida. They're advertising 3,000 miles away because they know they can hook this guy. And I'm like, come on late tonight. And I'm watching. I see this ad for this retirement home. I want everything I'm looking at. I want the bingo, the pudding, the bed pan. I want it all. End of the ad is the best part. The end of the ad, it says the villages. And then they're tagline, free golf for the rest of your life. And I'm like, that's awesome. And five minutes later, I'm like, it is a little cryptic, too, isn't it? It's not a great deal, or are they just betting that pop-up ain't going to make it all 18-holes? Get up to the start. You're like, what's the back nine look like? No one's ever made it that far. We don't know. I did go to college. I did the college thing. I majored in communications. It was a total waste of Lori Loughlin's money. I don't... Because I think when you go to college, you go with one or two mindsets. You go to college with a goal. You go to college with an idea. Like, you go to college with a goal. You're like, I'm going to be an accountant. I'm going to be a lawyer. That's probably going to come true for you. Go to college with an idea. I was like, maybe I'll be a doctor. That doesn't work out. I got comedy. Hey. So I take biology. I take the intro to biology. And this is my very first semester. I'm not going to tell you guys what I got in my first test. Like, I don't even remember. But my second test comes back from a scale of zero to 100. And all it says on it says, 53. That dot, dot. Nice improvement. I saw that and I'm like, I better be hilarious because... LAUGHTER And it's so funny that I get to like, perform at colleges now. And like, kids listen to me. They ask me serious questions after the show. What can I ask me? What should he major in? I'm like, I don't know. Do it, especially not. Do it makes you happy, dude. If you've seen the state of the world, we could be gone tomorrow. Like, oh, it used to be like, oh, well, what's the future going to hold? I don't know if we have a future, guys. We're having a good time in here. It could be the book of Eli out there right now, OK? Biggest misconception that people have about comedians is that we love when a president like Donald Trump takes office because we get so much material. And that's true. We get a lot of material. But the problem is he's giving us a little too much... Like, every day the guy meant a new way to be a moron. He's like the Thomas Edison of stupid. He just keeps developing new things. Like, he's hung up on the past the last week. He was giving Obama shit about his birth certificate again. So we never saw his birth certificate. Does anybody know where their birth certificate is? Come on, man. Does anybody have it framed above their fireplace? That was me, live birth. That was me. I get this, OK? If you voted for Trump in this room, I don't automatically think you're a racist or a sexist, OK? I like your odds. I don't automatically think that. Because Hillary Clinton had shady shit going on too. Hillary Clinton deleted 30,000 emails. And I know she did it on purpose because my mom's the same age as her and she's never deleted one email in her entire life. We get hung up on the small stuff too. Like social media makes everything worse. They know I hate Trump and so fans, they're like, oh, can you believe you did this? Can you believe you did that? That McDonald's thing? Clems and Tigers, the national championship football team got invited to the White House to have dinner. Shockingly, they accepted. And they showed up and everybody was like, can you believe Trump served in McDonald's? And I thought it was kind of cool. If Obama done that, we'd all be like, that's guy gets it. Yeah, he's. This guy knows what the young people are into. And I'll be honest, if I'm having to end up in Trump, I want it to be fast, because I want that meal to go by as quickly as possible. We don't have time to waste on the small stuff. There's big issues right now in our country, gun control. That's a huge issue. And I travel all over this way. I've been to every state. I see both sides of the argument, OK? I was in Michigan a few months ago. And Michigan, they love guns. Now, to some people in Michigan that hate guns, there's other people in Michigan that literally cannot climax unless they're looking at the second amendment. And the second amendment says, we have the right to bear arms. It also says, we have the right to form a militia if the government gets squirrely. And if you guys have noticed, government's a little squirrely. And if you're honest with yourself, you say, OK, well, if I need a militia to protect me, I probably want the Michigan one. That's like the good one to be on their team. Like, I want the militia that likes Ted Nugent Robocop. Now, we have a militia in California. It's just two guys at Whole Foods with a bow and arrow. That's all I want. And I don't like guns. I wish we get band guns. I just don't think it's realistic. You can't band guns. You're never going to band guns. It's a noble cause because people want to stop school shootings. So band guns, not going to work. If you really want to stop school shootings, don't band guns. Band school. It's 2019. We don't need school anymore. I'm sorry, but we don't. It's all on your phone. I promise you. Every question, every answer, it's on your own. And you're going to be like, oh, I'm going to be like, I can do it. I've got a question. Every answer, it's on your phone. And I think it's going to make better adults because if you feel ostracized at school, you eliminate that. If you're a bullied school, you get rid of that false sense of empowerment. 90% of the stuff I learned in school. I don't use today. And that number would be higher except I never learned how to do percentages. I went to Catholic school. Anybody go to Catholic school? Some of you guys. I don't know how they did it at other schools. alcohol that like they were even like a thing. Except for one day, I was in seventh grade, and your parents have to sign a permission slip. And that's today, it's a 45 minute period when they're gonna teach you about sex and drugs, they're gonna get it all done and never mention it again. It was the funniest 45 minutes. I've ever experienced my entire life because it's taught by nuns. And so it's like, we're all walking into the sex talk, a little blind, you know? Nunds don't have sex because they say they're married to God and old God ain't putting out. So they kicked off with sex and the sex, God, it was, you have not laughed until you've seen a nun put a condom on a banana. And then they moved on to drugs and drugs was great because they were teaching us about pot. They said kids don't smoke pot. Why not? What's pot? It's a gateway drug, right? It's a gateway drug. It leads to other things like what? Snacks, pussy, free guitar lessons? No, sure. Some of y'all probably get high, right? You get high, sir? Woo! This is so great because like I was clearly not looking at air and I was like, you know, I'm not looking at air. I'm like, you know, I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I'm not looking at air. I was clearly not looking at air. But you felt the nerves of your friend. You were excited to admit it. Your friend looked to me like, I'm an undercover cop. Like, oh, I don't know. This would be the best thing I've ever been. LAUGHTER I wasn't even a comedian. I just practiced stand-up for 10 years to get this motherfucker right here. LAUGHTER CHEERING Woo! This is all a lie, guys. I was at home having dinner with my wife and kids, and I got the call from the sergeant. He's there tonight. All right, fine. Honey, I got to go. This could be the night. This on stage, doing my thing. Hey, who does drugs here? You get the fuck down! We got it! Get in there! Woo! Woo! LAUGHTER I'm a comic, I don't know. Which is weird, right? Like, a comedian. What the hell do I have to do? A comic that doesn't smoke weed. That's like living in Wisconsin and being lactose intolerant. LAUGHTER Because I believe what they taught us. And it's a lot safer than drinking when you break it down. It's a lot safer than drinking when you break it down. It's a lot safer than drinking when you break it down. If you go home, and you get high, what's the worst thing that's going to happen? Get stoned, you watch Animal Planet, you learn some shit about turtles. LAUGHTER But if you go home to your drunk, and you watch Animal Planet, you better look out because some crazy things are about to happen. Because you wake up the next day, you have no idea what went down. All of a sudden you get an email from Expedia confirming your trip to the Galapagos Islands. LAUGHTER You don't learn anything about turtles. There might be turtles in your place. There's turtles over here, there's bandanas over here, and you're like, I was going to make Ninja Turtles last night. Holy shit! LAUGHTER And who's scudderousness? How fucked up did we get last night? APPLAUSE I trust you. I can tell you guys this story. I got high once in my life. I got high one time. I got high. I had a pot cookie. Anybody? Yeah. First bite of a pot cookie does not taste like a cookie. But former fat kid, I know that if it first, it doesn't taste like a cookie, keep investigating. LAUGHTER And it's always as soon as you're done eating the cookie that's when whoever made it starts freaking out. They're like, oh, shit, you ate that whole thing by yourself? And I'm like, I had three by myself. What's the issue? I got so high that night I rode a term paper on why sharks and dolphins are the Israelis and Palestinians of the ocean. LAUGHTER I'd already been out of college for five years. Just really stoned on a twos. I'm like, people need to know this. This is important. But I say do it. If pots are thing, if alcohols are thing, don't abuse it. But get out of your headspace a little bit. It's great. What I usually do for that, I watch movies. I love watching movies. I'm a big movie fan. I like talking about movies online, and I like getting responses. Because 10% of the time they're positive. LAUGHTER 60% of the time it's negative, and 30% of the time it's just some gift that I don't understand. And I love every category movie, every genre. I love watching every kind of movie. Except I don't watch action movies. I don't watch them. I study action movies. I take notes for when this shit's going to happen to me. Every action movie I think could happen to me. Like diehard, diehard's the best one for a reason. Because we're all watching diehard at home, and we see a guy running around, stopping crime with no shoes on. And we look down, we're like, I got no shoes on too. LAUGHTER I'm making just with my toes right now. This is uncanny. Every action movie I think could be me. I saw the first taken, and I wanted someone I know to get kidnapped. LAUGHTER Some of them get dangerous. Because like, I can go see a fast and furious movie in the theater. I should not be allowed to. Because I take it too seriously. I see all those car chases happen on a giant screen for two hours, and then I need to get the car out of the way. I need a screen for two hours. And then I immediately have to operate a motor vehicle. I get in and I think I'm in the movie. I'm like racing people at the light doing that hardcore shift. You never have to shift this hard. Unless your car is made by John Deere, you never have to shift this hard. And I drive an automatic. I'm just going from D to L. LAUGHTER But I have to say, of all the movies I've ever seen, of all the movies I've ever loved, my favorite film franchise of all time, Star Wars. I love Star Wars. The best. Star Wars is the best. I can take so many lessons from the Galaxy far, far away and apply them to my own life. I gain endless inspiration from those movies. They teach us so many valuable lessons, one of which is not the value of a human life. You go back to 1977. In the very first one, episode four, a new hope, they blow up a planet. To show the might of the Empire, they blow up an entire planet. Seven billion people die. Thirty minutes later, we're having a metal ceremony. Oh! Did you have to kill an entire planet? People, George, with anybody halfway through Star Wars, you're like, I'm not sure who I'm rooting for yet. This is... And then Forza Winkins was even worse, because Forza Winkins, they don't blow up one planet. They blew up five. Thirty-five billion people died. Twenty minutes later, we're laughing, because the wookie's cold. What was the meaning like? With JJ and the other writing staff, he's like, okay, we got to take this up in our ideas. And one guy's like, how about we blow up three planets? And JJ's like, no! It's not enough death! So some other guys like, JJ, I think I have a way for us to blow up five planets. Thirty-five billion people. And JJ's like, can we put a lens flare in that? Yeah! Yeah! Like it. My most controversial Star Wars opinion, as some other people here may have as well, is that the best Star Wars movie, people debated endlessly, some people love the classic trilogy, some people love the prequels, other people get really high on Beth and love the holiday special. But I am proud to say, and I'm saying it on camera right now, my favorite Star Wars movie of all time, Return of the Jedi. Yes! Best one. You're saying no, sir, because you're high on drugs. What's your favorite Star Wars movie? Empire Strikes Back. I hear that a lot. Hear that a lot, and you're gonna throw your terms at me like, oh, it's cinema, story, acting. But my character argument is very simple. Return of the Jedi is the best movie. Why? Because in two words, we won. We won. We did it. The thing that we were trying to do for three moot, we did it. We blew the thing up. Again. And this time, we didn't have to kill seven billion people. We lost a few pilots in an E-Won, but that's all that happened. That's what I want. I don't want to go through the struggle. I just want the victory. If you look at it in terms of an NFL team, return to the Jedi. That's when we won the Super Bowl. The Empire Strikes Back. That's week 11 when we lost to the Bengals. Return of the Jedi. I want the good team to win. I want the bad team to lose. I want to blow up the Death Star. I want to drum on Stormtrooper Helmets. I want four scopes, getting drunk with wedge. I want Lando. Getting a little too close to Princess Slaya. I want Chubaka, hooking up with two E-Wonks, and nine months later, they have kids and their names are Yub and Nub. That's what I want. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE So I'm single. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE I love that I said I'm single and some people with a crud put their hands up. Like we're riding a really depressing slow ride. I'm happy being single. I like being single. I love waking up every day. I mean, am I going to shower? Probably not. I went swimming a few days ago, so I'm good for the weekend. LAUGHTER And I broke up, and your friends always act like they care when you break up, but they really just want to know the dirt. Your friends get so nosy. I always ask the same question. As soon as they hear you broke up, they're like, oh, man, are you okay? Who broke up with who? Burr round of applause. How many people think I broke up with her? LAUGHTER Where we are on that one, penalty box. You getting to show it up? CHEERING I love this crowd for that reason, because... y'all are like, look, I'll pay money to see this guy, but I'm not sacrificing my integrity. LAUGHTER By clapping at a moment that I don't feel is just. LAUGHTER Scott has lectured us about e-walks, and we're expected to believe he broke up with her. Well, I'll have everyone in this room know. I don't break up with her. She break up with me. It was a mutual decision. LAUGHTER Both her and her vibrator agreed. It was time. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I think we moved in too quickly, because you always think it's going to be perfect, like both your leases are going to be up at the same exact time. You're skipping out, you meet on the street. Hey, let's go find a place together. It's not it. Mylees had just started, hers just ended, so she moved in with me, but she never really declared she was moving in. She just kind of trodged and hoarse all her shit into my place. And as a guy, you don't know what's happening. You're just like, man, I'm getting late a lot. This is... She woke me up one morning, and she's like, hey, babe, it's picture hanging day. It's picture hanging day, and I'm like, is that a Canadian holiday? LAUGHTER And I get it for her. Picture hanging day, it's like a celebration of two eyes becoming one for me. That's today all my pictures find out. You're not good enough to be on the wall anymore. Thanks for playing Young Guns 2, poster, into the closet. You go down into blaze of glory. LAUGHTER But we're still good friends. We support each other for two reasons. One, we really care about each other. And two, she dabbles in witchcraft. LAUGHTER You don't want to get on the wrong side of a Ouija board. LAUGHTER Like, I don't believe in it, but I don't not believe in it. That was my one rule. You cannot bring a Ouija board into my apartment. Because like, nobody's lives have been improved by Ouija board. Don't have any friends who are like, man, I was down and out. Then I found Ouija. You guys see Ray Leon on a commercial. I tried everything to quit smoking. Then I started communicating with the afterlife. LAUGHTER Well, hang out all the time. We talk. We talk about who we're hooking up with now. It's usually a one-sided conversation. But we do get to share custody of the dog. And this is a great story. Because the dog lives with her. And so after I moved out, she had her first guy since me come over and he spent the night. And guess who Pete on the rug the next day? Besides me, guess who else, Pete on the rug? CHEERING It's good times, man. And then my ex got me. Because she's like, yeah, I think Molly was just free duck because the guy was so much bigger. So it makes sense. It's a good line. It's a good line. Give her credit for that one. She won. I think we're just in different times in our life, too. Because I'm 38. She's 29. Very different places in your life. Because when you're a young lady and you're in your way 20s, you do everything, right? You go out, you go to concerts, go to festivals. When you're a guy in your my age, you go to the doctor. And for the first time, you have to take it seriously. You have to listen to what this guy's telling you. Everything he says, you're just looking at him like, your high school basketball coach. Like, yes, sir, I will run through that wall. I went to a naturopathic doctor. Naturopathic is Latin, for it does not take health insurance. And got everything looked at. Head to toe. Got the plumbing checked out. My test results came back. My doctor informed me that I'm in danger of having low testosterone. But you hear, and you want to get pissed off, you just do not have the energy. It ain't there. It's what have sent me his afterwards. My doctor sat me down and he said, Mark, you have to accept the fact that you're approaching the end of your sexual peak. And I was like, that was my sexual peak. That's as good as it gets. Because when you're a kid, you hear one day, you're going to have a sexual peak. And in our heads, we're thinking, man, I'm going to be at the top of a mountain. It's going to be hot chicks everywhere. Yo, he pulled out a chart. He pulled out a chart. He's like, yeah, this is where a man has the majority of his sex. And I was like, sir, I brought my chart. No such mountain. I didn't have a sexual peak. It was just a long canyon. And there are no women there. There's just a bunch of tissues and magazines. A USB drive, label, tax returns. That was my sexual peak. And that's where the younger woman, older women, that's a different thing. Because older women, what do you always hear about older women? You hear they're great and bad. And that's awesome. What worries me? How do you get that good? Because you start thinking about you're like, wait, wait, nobody just wakes up to starve, Cirque du Soleil. That takes years and years. It's intimidating. You look up at an older woman. You go back to her place. And it feels like you're walking into old Yankee stadium for the very first time. Because you're just thinking about all the greats that have played here before you. She's got jerseys retired in her living room. Son of a veteran door says, play like a champion today. And you're like, eh. And it's fun to think about how long life is. How quick life goes by. Because now I've become the last single guy. Every group of friends, y'all start out single. Then one by one you start getting picked off. Get married. You have kids. Then you have that one idiot friend left that never got it together. Ta-da. Michael Bubley with a drinking problem. This is him. All my friends are married now. And I still get to hang out with them, but it's a very different hang. Like when you hang out with your married friends, you got one of two options. You get to have like one beer at like 645. Or it's the go crazy option. When she goes out to town, that's when you get a random phone call from one of your friends. You're like, dude, I'm behind 711 with the bag of heroin. Get here. We've got 48 hours. Get here right now. Let's figure out how to do this. What? But what are you supposed to do? You're supposed to stay single? I stay in single. The technology's getting creepy. You know what I Google the other day? Sex robots. Yeah. I Google sex robots. When you Google sex robots, your Facebook ads change dramatically. LAUGHTER And I'm not into sex robots. For the simple reason, I'm worried that a sex robot is going to work a lot like a Fitbit. As soon as you're done, it's going to upload all your stats to Facebook. I don't want that. Your coworker's coming by the next day. Hey, Bob, three minutes. New record. Well done. I don't want a sex robot because I'm worried that that's the way we all go down. You know, like, think about it. Men don't really deserve sex robots. We don't treat human women all that well. How do you think we're going to react with sex robots? Think we're going to clean that thing after every use? Hell, no. It's going to go in the closet, come out, go in the closet, back and forth until the robot gets pissed off, had enough. One day, you're going to be having sex with that robot, and its eye is going to turn red. And SkyNet has begun. That's how the revolution starts. CHEERING I don't want it. I don't want it. I've never enjoyed mixing sex with technology. Even when I had the girlfriend, I'd be on the road for stand-up, and she would always want to do naughty tech. She'd send me pictures of herself in very compromising positions. You know, I see pictures of her boobs, and I'm like, that's awesome. And then I'm like, oh, no, now I have to respond. He's not going in the game. I've never sent a dick pick in my life on purpose. Send one by accident when I, here's what happened. I was depositing a check. On my phone, I didn't like walk into a bank like, hey, where's the cameras? You guys? So I was depositing it. You know how you do it on your phone. I was in my apartment. It was 9 p.m., so the pants been off for a number of hours now. And you lay the check on a flat surface, take a picture, flip it over, take another picture, hit send, and boom. $17 in your account, the next day. So I do all those things. And right before I hit send, I see in the corner of the picture, Waldo. I found him. And you know when your brain sends a signal to stop, my brain sent the signal, but my finger was like, I can beat the light. And it hit send. It was so depressing, y'all. In my mind, the check had a hard life, and it had finally earned its first vacation. And it was trying to take a selfie on the beach, and my dick was photobying it in the background. But I don't even want to deal with dating apps. I know that's how most people meet these days, and that's fine. I just look at it, and it's not that classic idea of romance we were all taught when we were kids. Like, a dating app is fine, but you think about how your grandparents got together. Everybody in this room, y'all's grandparents all got together the same way. Grandpa and grandma, they all met in a field. Running towards each other, grandpa. I saw grandma for the first time. He knew she was the one for him. Grandma saw grandpa for the first time. She knew he was the one for her. You just opposed that idea of true love, what we're gonna be telling our grandkids? Well, grandma said she was down to fuck. I was on bumble, so I took a shot. DM their butt stuff, question mark. The rest is history. The real reason, the real reason why I'm not pursuing anybody right now, why I enjoy being single is because I am so happy with this nation in my life, and how I get to interact with my family. So I love seeing my brother and his family, my sister and her family, my mom, aunts, uncles. It's a great time. Every time we get together, the Ellis family, we will roast each other. We make fun of each other, we tell stories. We will bring up the dirt on everyone. We sit around, we laugh, we have a great time. There is only one story in the history of Ellis mythology that does not come out of family gatherings, that we never talk about. That is so far back in our collective repressed memory. It has never been spoken about since the day it happened until right now. This is the one. So this is when I have my first serious girlfriend in college, so a little late. I dated a girl in high school where her name was Magic the Gathering. Yeah. Yeah. Woo! And we were home for Easter weekend. And just so you guys know, we're all still friends of this day. But that weekend, parents lover, everything's going great. Sunday morning rolls around, Easter Sunday. And I don't know where my dad, my brother, my sister were, they were all somewhere. So it's just me and my girlfriend, eating breakfast in the kitchen, and my mom's there. My mom says, all right kids, gonna go to the grocery store, be back in about an hour. Grocery store is at least 20 minutes that way, 20 minutes back, gotta buy food. It's gonna be about an hour. So at that point, I'm not thinking, hey, it's fuck a clock. I'm just thinking, man, you really can eat fruit whoops seven days a week. But we're alone in the kitchen. Wouldn't you know it? One thing leads to another, the hormones are raging. We're young, we're wild, we're in love. She comes over to me, she starts kissing me. She starts kissing me on the mouth with a tongue. And it's going great. And then she starts kissing me on my neck. And that's even better. Then she starts kissing down here. And once you get's boiled in the nipple line boys, you know your job as a gentleman is to usher her on her journey southward safely. We're not forcing anything. We're just your tour guide, okay? If you're a Lewis and Clark, we're a soccer joyo. We're just showing you the best route to get down there. And so now it's happening. Now this thing, this thing is happening at the kitchen table. And we're having such a good time. We don't hear the garage door close. I didn't hear it because I was having such a good time. She didn't hear it because at the time her ears were covered. And so my mom had come home and the way you enter our kitchen, it's like, let's say this is where the action's happening. You can enter our kitchen through here or through here, you can exit through there or through there. So my mom comes in, she has a bag of groceries under each arm. Y'all she handed it like such a pro. My mom walks in, sees the action, drops the groceries, and just keeps walking. She did it so well that I'm thinking like, is my mom the coolest wingman of all time? She was not, she was a mom. She was very pissed off. She was very upset. To the point where she couldn't speak to me, she couldn't even be in the same room as me for the rest of the day. And then we get to family dinner. Family dinner at the same table. And it was awkward because usually the family dinner is at the Ellis household they were known for. Marryment laughter could be heard from miles, not this particular evening. It's very awkward. My brother and my sister, they felt something in the air. My mom, I think she took two bites for dinner and was like, I'm eating in the laundry room. I can't do this. So she takes off. My brother and my sister leave. My girlfriend does the dishes. And then she goes upstairs. So now it's just me and my dad. Just me and my dad. And my dad had been informed of the day's events. So my dad takes a long sip off his Budweiser. And he says, so the kitchen, huh? LAUGHTER And I was like, Dad, I'm sorry. I know mom's upset. It'll never happen again. I am so horribly embarrassed. And my dad just looks at me and he says, proud of you, boy. Thank you, guys. Thank you so much. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Every single tick-tock comment is requesting me to do more Red Flag crowd work. Don't get me wrong, I love doing crowd work. It's one of my favorite parts of the show. I get to interact with the audience, get to know them a little bit, but now it's getting to the point where everybody is coming to shows and just yelling out Red Flag some kind of over it, to be honest. Why don't you do it one more time? Like you're in Miami, just Red Flag's, that's it, retire it. Do a whole show improvised about Red Flag's, and retire the bit. And never do it again. It's like a Red Flag special. Yeah. I fuck it Miami, let's hear your Red Flag's. If you don't have a Red Flag, it's basically a warning sign. Meet somebody, you start talking to them. If something about their personal, it's just kind of triggered for the warning. You hear like maybe this is the person I should be flutter. So for the women in the audience, what might be some Red Flag's for a guy? You say flip flops everywhere? What you gonna talk to the beach? Jesus Christ, why are your thoughts out of red flags? You are dogs out of red flags. That's right, wow, hey dogs, everybody. This has been an experience you had when on a daily Vagai and you wore flip flops too. Yeah, there was a dude who was like, Buzz10. He was a 10. He had all 10 toes. I was like, I can get you kids in dance and start. I was like, oh, I got on the trapeze with him. Hold on, it's like he was a 10. He was Ivy League Educator. He's a good looking guy. He has a great job. She was like, I'm about to trap this man. And then he showed up with flip flops and she went, oh, never mind. He thought he was fucking mine. If he's Ivy League Educator, maybe he knows how to think of a waste of money. Shoes all hard. Yeah, he's the only sound he's all that's right. Where's your meeting? Um, what's the highest school together? You went to high school together? He had shoes that... Where did you get the school? Go to the bathroom. Batter, academy. What is that? Sounds like you think shoes don't matter. That's crazy. I love how he had all these great things about him. And then she saw one little toe and she flipped flops all the entire relationship. It was not fucking crazy. The irony. Toes really turned you off that much. First of all, it's an emergency. He's not keeping the flip flops on. She's more worried that there's going to be an active shooter. I mean, they're going to be trying to sneak out the back and he's getting like... I'm... I'm talking about... Oh my God. Or maybe he's more prepared than you think. I know a lot of Latino women in here who can use a flip flop as a fully functioning weapon. He's actually... He's actually just feeling buried. I mean, it's so prepared for anything. I think he gave me another chance. I would love it before you all fought to put all socks. Like that was thank you. This simple fucking battle. Are you actively like a socks have to be off in bed person or are you like you don't care? He's not a real knocky-haw. It's not a deal breaker. Maybe it's fatter cold. This actually is a great time to plug you guys on my Shark Tank idea. Because I've never said this before. Nobody can fucking steal it. Because I'm a sock guy. Like I don't like my bare feet being out. I don't like flip flops. So I am on your side on this. But my thing is, if I'm about to have sex, I don't actively be like, Oh my God, I take my socks off. I keep them all on. It's just something to... Hey, what you don't fuck y'all anyways? Okay, relax. Everybody in here, oh, what happened? You can have your fucking hoops out if you want. But I keep on, and for a couple of reasons, what my feet are cold. And two, I keep them on for traction. Which is what brings me to my pitch to you guys. I'm looking for a 900,000 dollar investment. Oh, do you guys know hospital socks? No, they're like, they're a world damn thing. They're rubber on the bottom, right? I wanted to get my own like hospital socks with that rubber grip on the bottom. So that way you put them on right before you fluck and it gives you a good... a good dig in. So you can just suck and really put in work. And you call them sheet-cleans. You know, you keep all that sex issue that you want. So I fucked a 1440, okay? Nobody's stealing that. It's a million dollar idea. Oh, there's socks on. What up? Is this a real thing? Keep your socks on, helps you come faster. No, it doesn't. That's the dumbest thing you're ever heard of my entire life. That is so fucking stupid. Hey, the bass was holding me back. Is that a real situation? It actually is like the ancient bull in the back with bars and mom. If you're too cold to bedroom, it's harder to come. Yes. I don't know. I can come fast in an include. Like, I have to stop and make a town. Did you ever see that guy again? It was not the only day he went on the woods. What's the condition of frying mine? He was just a friend of yours. I've been being here. Your stay going out? I'll be following the shoes of your dream. I like that one. It's very anti-fetish. Well, I like that. That's exactly the time we're ever playing on Blokin' Square. Some of the time she just went, this is something I can see being a problem for me down the line. And it just gives me the ink just enough. That's good. We're one for one. Who can talk to the flops? What's the problem? What's the problem? What's the problem? Legos in his bedroom? Well, maybe don't fucking use in the first place. He was made in the heart. He elaborate. All right, she was 23. He was 23. I didn't have a Lego village in his bedroom. He had a Lego village in his bedroom. Okay, so you don't fuck with architecture. Did you ever play with him? Ungrateful. But it was like a town that he had built. All right, sex aside. Was it kind of impressive? It was a little bit. That's what I'm talking about, see? Judging too much. Where'd you meet him? New York City? A lot of buildings. Is that what you're from? Nice. What are you doing out here? Working? Oh, what do you do? Uh, crypto. Crypto? I want to roast you when you're going to be poor in four years. Not really. I don't really know what I'm talking about. Oh, my God. You mad at this dude for building a imaginary city. You play with a imaginary money. Fucking hypocrisy, am I right? That's insane. Did you cross your mind? I feel like this wasn't a problem until you did your walk in shame. Mara putt you like... What'd you mean to Matt, do you remember? House party? House party? A real house? A Lego house? Why did they cross your mind? So we're in a flag of Lego to this room? Was it just that? Did they come across this childish, when it's sharp? Are you afraid you were going to swallow something accident? You were in his parents house. They were in his parents house. Oh, he's still at the home. Get that's the red flag. Is that a bell? It's not a bell from Lego. Let me explain. What would you say to the bitch? Did you say comedie? Try to use the lights on right now. It's what I got. Why is the comedian a red flag? You know, like fun again? You want to be the funniest one? You losing already. This is not a good stuff. What's that? You don't have a stage? I feel like you dance all one. Well, I'd be pissed if my stripper was like, not normal. But instead of the noise, just goes, who's there? C-section. You're a booze. Be nice to me. What do you actually go? You're a Megan Forest? It's not very funny. What makes you want to do that? Are you good at drawing? You've always been autistic? I'm autistic. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I heard something totally expensive. Okay. Okay. You still wanting? We'll see. You must be a good Megan Varsky. You're making me look good right now. That was less of a red flag than we were shot. Very fancy asking for sports. Did you sound heard recently? Somebody just sent their main statement like, a winger bone. Also, how are you now doing? Let's try to do this divorce. What happened? I found out three days ago, my husband of six years, we have two beautiful boys, his cane for ass forts. How much? How much? How much? I don't know. I saw the text message under the new update on iPhone. Under edit, and now we're getting free. We're calling the checkers. What was that? We were calling for three hundred per hour. Three hundred per hour? Do they end up by the minute? It was like 20. You know, I mean, I got 5. Do you see the pictures? There's no pictures that he wanted, but he's saying it's a scam. It's a scam? That means he didn't come. This is a ripple. He just did, I can't stay married, I want to not come. There's some married people in here who are talking to me like, hmm, I am really sorry. That is the message that you and me want to who guys done, or you're gonna stick with them, you're like, don't fucking do this shit. Are you packed on all my shit? That's gonna fuck me after you. You're strong when you clap with the role of you. And that's why I'm not fucking for 150. To be honest, right here. Right here, to 100. Right here to 100. What does this show up ask? What's the receipt look like? The young co-words, he asked, what are your roses? And I googled that and found the website and the co-bases, means how much we're done. Which one of you's buying your flowers? $300 more than flowers. You might love you. No. And you could try it. Is that what you're saying? No. That would be my note too. If you were not, then they picked on themselves. These flowers. For now, or if you weren't before, if you get these made roses, they can make it look good. I think you're solid deal. What do you fucking steal that? You're best friend you said. By your ex-experience. I love you though. I'm from Briarge. What? You told three hours to see me. Oh my god. This is $900. That's $900. That's $900. That's $900. Oh, sorry. Oh my god. Oh my god. Damn. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. That's great. That's a very good reply. Thank you for being so. Thank you for letting us enjoy your bed. I wish you been absolutely best. And he sounds like somebody in a weird told you. To my neighborhood. We're getting next. Men from Ireland. Which I think you got the dial off. Just say look who you at. That's right. We're in Miami. I'm already talking to somebody. What is it you don't like about me to Miami? They're all trash. They're all trash. You don't go find your husband in here. He only knew everybody. Where do you usually date guys from? Anywhere else? Prison? Oh my god. No, your mom didn't yell at you. No, she knows better than I was. I was about to fuck your mom as we get into this conversation. It's not a lot. What is it about Miami men you find trashful? They're toxic. No, but once an example of toxic, you can't say general things. They like their cars, but they like their women. Are their cars quieter? Yeah. I don't think it's a fair generalization you said toxic. They're not. But once toxic, but all you said was toxic. Why did they make you sick literally? Physically they make you sick. Well, if you guys drink a little less. I think I'm in Miami men with a break of water. I mean, they swam through when you're in the game room. Yeah. Don't tell a shit about Miami men. They're looking like the rest of the kids here. And what you remain here is Michael Phelps. Everybody... They're spat on. What the fuck? See you close to fucking glitch in the matrix right now. Tell me shit about Miami men. I thought my browser incident was about to come off. He's about to take to believe it all. Show's not where everybody goes. Y'all come to my hardest fall. How long you guys been together? Six months? Ah, give it time. That's five-door. What did you guys mean? The club? Yeah, give it time. Who approached you? You approached her? Yeah. You little creep. What you gonna do now? Fun night out with her friends? Fuck outta here. Did he have any kind of club or line with you approached me at the club? You had the club or line? No, what was the line? What was your open way? Okay, this is surprising to me. Maybe not anyone else in Florida? But she didn't want him to talk to her like I said. And so she told him she was 17 and pregnant. He was like this I always wanted to be on MTV. Ah, there. The best guy on the star now. All right. Oh my god. It's not only where you underage in the club. You also told me you were pregnant. As you took a drink out of alcohol, that's the most Miami shit I've ever heard of in my life. But I love it. Clearly you didn't care. I think it was like I can help both y'all with your homework. I'll be waiting until now. Selfies with that time. I'll leave with your best feature, yes. Oh, you're on a daily gas. Hey, that's the red flag. Don't be on daily gas. First place. It's hard out here. It is hard out here. Not for some of us. What is it doing, okay? What is it about, if though? Is it physically unattractive? I think that's it. Be it a liking guy's fish, either you said. No. You don't like guys who survive for their family? Do you have your heart dating profile? What's your what's your apple you go to? I never met anyone. You've never met anyone that dating him? Plus sad. Can I see your profile? I agree with you. Got all these standards. Move up to the seat. Do you want to see? Met Max here, phone? Something we got. Let's see what we got here. Okay, here we go. Photos. All right, first one is in front of the grass wall. Literally the most fuckboy pose. Might as well just be captioned. If you're trying to pay my rent. Next one is just a sexy kind of selfie. And if this is actually a very beautiful photo, you smash. All right. Let's see, the next one is on a life of a girl's ass. When it's three girls, all with their asses to the camera. You don't know who's profile it actually is. This is the, which one are you in this middle left right? The left? The left? The left? The least good at ass. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You have a problem. Maddle of fat bitch your tummy is out in this photo. Are you fucking kidding me? With the peace arm. Oh my god. Take your phone, you little lesbos. Oh my god. Jesus Christ. Hey, hypocrisy. Wow. What was your last relationship? A year ago? We broke up with him. Hey, broke up with you. He was like, later bitch. Now it all makes sense. I'm sorry. He's begging for you back. No, he's not. I'm sorry. This is just like an odd question to people in the back. But are you wearing pants? Not at all? You work next door. What's next door? 11? Are you really not wearing pants at all? Oh, it's beautiful. Can I press the end up? Can you say it up? TAN? No. No, okay. Hold on. Hold on. You have a tattoo on your butt. It's a seahorse. What's the significance of a seahorse on your butt? My eyes are up here. Never gonna be me too. I don't think so. What's the significance of a seahorse on your butt? I'm a mom. But a seahorse is the male. Hey, that didn't make sense. She goes, well, first of all, I'm a mom. As you can tell, I've been come to. She said, I'm a mom. In a seahorse community, I don't know how to educate you. But the male seahorse is actually who gives burrs. She said, that she won't hurt you, man. But that didn't happen. Yeah, she said, unfortunately, it was me. Okay, I'm just watching this game right now. You know, babysitters and with the father. All of the above? Did you fuck the babysitters? You're pregnant too! Oh my god! Are you a seahorse or a trans? You guys missed it, but she's... When she laughed, she did this and it came out. This bitch almost hyped her football, I mean. She's an open-to-boy or girl yet? Boy! Boy and cancer can't gender it yet. Cancer is thought. Are you still with the father? Is this a rare? No. Oh, you're... It's not you, okay? I can see you're out, but you're not tough to trust, guys. Are you with your kids dad still? Question mark? How long with him? Two years. How was your kid? Four. Don't homeschool this kid. Were you seeing him for a little while and you got back together? Is that one of this? You're not together. So you lied to me. Red flag. No, fuck no red flag. A child-protective services? Oh, yes. You don't want to do that. You're from Miami. You know, four-year-old child. Sixteen? And then it's Barbie. That's sitting down before you miscarriage. When you're crazy. You put it in the road jumping fucking chest fucking people. Crazy. So irresponsible. It's got a little bit off the rails. You're starting with red flags and now I'm trying to fuck two bombs. What's that? Pretty useful. What's pretty useful? You getting up for rails. Me getting off the rails. I feel like you hit some rails before you came here. Are you by yourself? Yeah. Really? It's my dad and my mom. That's your dad and your mom. Oh, for now. Okay, you don't really want to actually hear her parents? No, for tonight. No, don't you kid just rent parents? Yeah, it's all the documentary. I said you can't just rent parents. She said it's Miami. You can rent anything. Yeah, I heard this whole island for that. Are you going to be slaughtered now? I am. Are we going to? If we can't do dark jokes, go see somebody else. Let's joke about fucked up things. Otherwise they're just negative. Yeah. This is good. You guys came around. Takes a little bit of a push to get your guys to work and fuck this. That's what we have. Bye bye. All right, mom. Shut up. Yeah. I'm gonna fuck this up. That's what you're gonna say. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. That is a little girl who looks quiet. I mean, you're just sexy. She's got some sexy in here. You guys coupled up? The Sprints? Yeah, but... What's your spin? Grads. Grads. What do you guys graduate from? I am. What are you studying? Music, business. And what are you doing in the music business? I'm a head-and-er-magic man. Oh, you're an American magazine. Which magazine? The Spankers' Name. What is it? Hot living. Hot living. Did you call it something else? Sparks' Name. What's your problem? The Spankers' Name. Hold living. Hold living. Hold living. Yeah. Holds. That's gay, right? That's the gayest way to say that word, isn't it? So hot right now. Listen. I'm so like Eastern European. I'm in here, so hot right now. When you guys came together, which one of y'all sure I'd let the other one be honest? You guys can see him, but he didn't even like that. Yeah. Stay strong, gay. I actually do not mean one of them sleeping on the same bed with me. Oh! Respect. So you got to be like, how you pull? How you pull? That's kind of impressive. It's fucked up, it's impressive. What's the circumstances? I'm a fast-down joke, and I'm out of party. You're a fast-down joke, and I'm going to party. That's kind of on you. She and your best friend had sex in the same bed like, X-T? She asked him why. And he said he was drunk, and she had a nice face. There's got to work. So, the Sunday hundred five now, she woke up with his penis, side-to-earth. She was like, I kind of want her to be that. I don't want her to be that. So she said, the next day, her friends that told her, she woke up with her boyfriend's penis inside her. Was he asleep? I said, it's about three-stroke sleep. Oh! He said it took about three strokes. He was good. I guess the closing was higher too. All right, we're not going to pump shade with anybody. Okay, it happens. To the best of us. Not me, but I don't think we're going to be in the middle. Really? Yeah, we were living together. You were living together? Fuck. I weighed 220 pounds, and now I'm in 140 with a better ass. You weighed 220 pounds. This is the breakup. You've lost 80 pounds, and you have better ass than her. Can't we see you? Ah! Yeah! Okay, that's enough. I don't have the cash. I don't know. How much of your grosses? That's not what we made. It's body right there. That's what it is. Yeah, congratulations. I'm glad you focused on you working on the investment. How long ago is this by the way? Four years ago? 80 pounds is less impressive. I thought it was like three months ago. I was like, damn! But no, that couldn't have been late this month. Not today. I think she and my every guy. I think I'm going to stop. Your ex had a threesome with your two best friends while you were there. Life stopped so bad, isn't it? If you make your life a car, he's got it way worse. He fucked her whole crew. Where did you meet this legend? Asshole. Where did you meet this legend? It was Virginia. Oh my God. I see you guys part of family reunion and what happened? How long have you been here for? Top. A couple months. Oh, that's barely your boyfriend. That's just that guy you and your friends were fun. I think a lot of you guys have been pretty fucked up experiences. Uses are a lot more like hearted uses than people like. I'm not sure we'll live at home. You know y'all, like, nah, I just fucked your whole family. I just fucked everybody you know. Why am I doing this next level time again? You know what, fucked up the cameras, but you know what I mean? Jesus Christ. Okay, does it look like I'm a woman that's not cheating related? Wait, what, you have your hand raised? If you want to school, what is it? Okay, Tennis, you don't have to stand up. You can just sit. It's like a couple. It's good to sit for my peace. Alright, what's your lifeline for a guy? A men's rights activist. A men's rights activist. Oh, bitch, you should not have a surname. Oh, I gotta call my boy Andrew Tate. Oh, what is there? Yeah. So you dated a guy before who's a men's activist? On a day he went to Stephen Colbert. You went on a date, he went to self-steven Colbert. He was on a Stephen Colbert. As a men's rights activist. You fucked Jordan Peterson? You fucked Noah? That's my son, Adam. That's Tender. You went on Tender. But if you don't want to date a person, dated him? You did, did he pay for dinner? He paid for drinks. Did you get dinner? But he paid for the drinks? That's crazy. And is you not liking the night of the day? Okay, so we got to the men's rights activist work. He talked about men's rights during the day. Hey guys, don't do that. That makes posting so much. Don't leave me like that. Or date number one. Don't be like date number one. You're like, hey, you know who gets paid too much? You're like a fashion. I guess not even being on a side of men's activists aside, they're just like, don't even hold them with that. You can't look ever. Okay, so that's poor game on this end. Do you know that men die younger than women? Do I know that men die younger than women? I mean, if this conversation goes on, it will longer on the children of self. What did he say about men's rights that you didn't like? Okay, well, I guess I will do it again. Women, you know, women are older than men. And like, that's a problem. And I'm like, women look older than men because men fuck men over. Like, this is not a... I'm not an attorney, but it feels like you lost this case. She's so sick. Well, I was just getting rid of my kid. The only thing that's amused to play was she said, if he told her, you know, women live longer than men. And she didn't like best to test it because... Next! You didn't tell me how much blame... You just said he lives just to test it. You didn't tell him life's better for women. Oh, he said that life is better for women than that's why they live longer. That's what he said. Because it sounds like I said it because you didn't say it. This women's life is so bad because women live longer. Gotcha. Okay, so you said that life is better for women than men. Oh, he said that life is better for women than that's why they live longer. Yeah, because women live longer. Gotcha. Okay, so all at all, she said that he said women live longer than men because women have an easier life than men. This is gonna be fun. This is gonna be a really good show. Thank you. Men do work more dangerous jobs. That's the real thing. Mormon commits suicide. Mormon are in prison. You're sitting right now? That's the real thing. Oh, my God. Because I know what makes me make only a bad heart. And she's been so for a long time. I love how you mean men don't have the moral line. And then you make it mind miserable. Right? Man, when we go out, I mean, very normal. I'm not a human or something. But when you're very fucking. Can anyone talk? Man, it's a thing. It's not really more like a target, you know? I like Melissa. When your friends find him on a pitch. You met him at a bar. You did it for six months. Your friend was on a pitch. And she saw his profile on him. Now, does she know that they got a previous profile? I mean, he wrote the answer to me. He said it's active today. He said it's active today. Maybe he was going on there to be like, man, all these girls are gonna be on the pitch. Yeah. Yeah. You don't know what he was? You don't know what he was? You don't know what he was? You don't know what he was? You don't know what he was? You're gonna be like, man, I'm gonna go blind. You're gonna follow me, man. You just straight break up with him over that? No. No, you're gonna go blind. No, you're gonna go blind. I know there was a deep relationship. I'm not sure I had any of the relationships. Obviously, he did this one shady thing that you're unsure about. But it happens in relationships all the time. It makes understandings. I don't know if I'm true, so I got to just get him passed. What was the funniest story? Dis-honest. Dis-honest. About being one hit. What was the funniest story? Where's your dream scenario to meet a guy? You're like, your life is a very slow thing. I really like to meet a guy. At the end of the program. I love the face. You look mad just statistically. We don't live that long. Really trying to help. Less sense. You know what I mean? Hold on a second. Yes, do you go here? I would do something this side. No big no-bakes from the side. Calls is mom more than you. Calls is mom more than you. More than you. Well, yeah. It's his mom. He can't love his mom. Oh, stop touching this dude. Is this your boyfriend? Okay. Hey, man, I want you to scoot over. She's next to a dude who looks like he'll kill you. I can't be idle. Who are you here with? There's a bathroom. Yeah, bad. Who's this gentleman with you? Who's this gentleman with you? A potato. He's my driver. Her driver. Who are you? Is she a Batman? I'm your driver. You're a smart girl. This sounds like you're around the hall. A smart girl would go, I've had enough tonight. I can drive home safely now. But then you're like, I want to not remember. You take care of me. What does happen? I've yet to meet before. Is this purely like a just met for professionally in a seating room? Oh, my God. On this episode of WinFunk, your Uber driver goes wrong. Hey, is this Dick V. Stars though? Wait a minute. That's too many. Is your Uber pulled out? Oh, my God. So you caught your booty going to drive? I'm loving this time here right now. This is the most Miami shit I've got across the world. This is what I'm getting. Sit down, bitch, you drunk. You can't drive. Where you going? You're the highest. Oh, there's the friends. Holy shit. Y'all have missed a story. Did you know your friend drives for fake taxi? He's your old driver, too. Don't run. Don't run. Oh, no. No! I hate this thing. Yeah. Dollar-wing book, she's dog. This is the drunkest person. Oh, my God. Sorry. Do you want me to talk to you? I'm going to talk to you in the whole show. Talk to you right on the show. Does anybody understand tequila? Does anybody? Where is your boyfriend? Is that home? Living is the best life. He's at home right now, like. Is it just me or is it not annoying expecting him? Don't know. Huh? Huh? I hate Miami. You have me fantastic. All the one of you were so much fun. Yeah. Yeah, it's how I hold. Yeah, I love you, but you're great. Those are new beliefs. You could have been saying the same thing. I have a great line today. Yeah, I love you. You're great. You were super sweet, too. Y'all city is fucking wild. I hope you do. Ladies. I went to 11 twice. I went to 11 twice. I went to 11 twice. Bro, what the? What is this next hour? They're open to 10 a.m. Stop cheering. This isn't promo. Is that a problem? Like, y'all are nuts. You guys are so toxic that I'm like, Here's your city's problems. Y'all are ruined. You guys are so funny. So funny. What's it all? Oh my god. Yeah. You guys cheer, but I had to give my ass to get this. I love it. It's a different beast. Oh my god. I love you. I got something to put it on your head. What did you say? I don't know. I don't know any promo. Is that your boyfriend? He's so confusing. Usually, crowd work for a show. I imagine most of you came from fucking TikTok. So I imagine. So you used to have TikTok. How do you see crowd work? Oh, it's your life. I'm so excited. So you used to have TikTok. How do you see crowd work? Oh, it's your life. Bands are banter. Bands are a funnier response. Bands are banter. You guys are like, nah, f**k all that. You want to talk to us? Sight. Oh, good night, you're an old man, Jenna. Where's your voice? Oh, good night, Jenna. Oh, good night, Jenna. Oh, you watch the overnight channel? Yeah, I saw. You believe in ghosts? Yeah, it's not the funny show, you know. What? I said the ghost show. And then you went, see. And then I said, do you believe in ghosts? And then you went. No, no. Open, I swear. I've never hated a certain square footage. And it's like, I was thinking more like duct tape. Man, next to those girls, yes, the one dressed like hamburger. Did you? I'm sorry, it was the first thing that gave him a mind. I'm so sorry. Can you please stand up so that he can have soul? It's so spying on. I love you so much. I was watching for the entire show and like, your reaction is what I was like laughing at me and then with this. So it would be like, it would feel like a combination of like, uh. So thank you for coming to the show even though I didn't have to say Beetlejuice three times. You're so smooth. I mentioned it, I'm also as nice as 9.5. You have any shoes in the back of a full locker. You got to come to the can. You got to come to the can? You from Kansas? Oh, that's why you're so wholesome. Not a feature of O inside. Oh, she said Tampa? Oh, yeah, fuck Kansas. I was being so nice. I was like, oh yeah, Kansas, don't do that. Fuck, that's thing. Even by the nature, it's like tornado every year. That's just like, here's the thing. We have to get out of here in a second because I'm going to team little 11. I am kidding. Are you going to go flush your mind? You've got broken 12 women on third time. That's great. What is it? Third time's the charm. Yeah, I would like to not get climbing it. We'll be awesome. We'd love to get out here in a moment. But if anybody wants to shake hands and take pictures after the show, we'd love to come say so. Love to meet you guys. I think we should do it like here on stage. So with, uh, fuck, I'm sorry. I know, I know, I know, I'm sorry. I know, that was gonna be, but like, she was awful. Look, can't wait to meet you guys. Um, very fun. Uh, we'll be like, I'm not Chris Rock. There's these things to ask because I'm ready to. Bro, can I kiss out one hand? Am I Spider-Man? Yes. See, I don't even have to go to 11 to kiss off of it. Am I great? Oh my god. Is this from you? So sweet. Thank you. Can I read it? Okay, let's see. Uh, dear Mr. Bieber is scratched out right now. Uh, right. Uh, first, um, firstly, my condolences for the loss of your grandpa. Thank you. Uh, your fans have felt his warmth through your jokes and the stories you were writing to me. Very sweet. Uh, secondly, happy anniversary of the release of Only Fans. Is it today? It was yesterday. My first, my first birthday, my last year, I didn't even realize that. Thank you so much. You're so sweet. Uh, third, what that dig do. That's not what I was talking about. It's not an awkward loss. I want you to have something to connect to your grandpa. Memorialize your achievements and show, uh, show your hometown how far you've come. And the John Deere tractor is in the mail. I'm from the middle of nowhere, Ohio. So I don't think I've read Northland. The, uh, the club, uh, the club's dumpster didn't have the making for a Wee-Tee 4. Right, reference. Uh, I couldn't build you a bear and security confiscated the pocket pussy. What's wrong with yours? This won't live up to your, uh, potato salad. But please enjoy. Good luck with your next special and happy holidays. Gronley, thank you. Thank you. Oh. Oh. P.S., this bitch in front of me won't shut the fuck up. How'd you know? Can I open it? What is it? If it's an anvil rags, it's not okay. Oh, it's taped off that fuck here. I haven't got damn. You have nails? Did you have them this morning? Thank you. They're delicious. Taked on. What's in it? Yeah, it's all going to start to be else. Yeah. Stop judging. You're judging. So sweet. Thank you so much for that. I don't know what it is yet, but thank you for at least the kind of words you're hearing. That's really fun. Oh, here we go. You deserve that. This one. Fuck, it's worth the paper. I'm sorry. Okay, here we go. Then why are you in a room with the... ...fake and torn? It's so muchable. It's so muchable. Fuck. I'm not having a fuck guess. You're right. You're right. Gently yours so sweet. Thank you so much. Change, everybody. I mean, having wonderful week. Thanks so much. I'm pretty nervous. Change, everyone. I'm gonna say that. Keep it going for me around.
How's it going everybody? Thank you for coming out tonight. It is good to be here. It is good to be back. Now the COVID is over. You know, it was a weird time for everybody. But as you can imagine, a comedian who spends most of their time on the road, it was a very strange time for me. I live in Cincinnati, Ohio. And I remember I would get on social media every day and I'd see my buddies in New York and Los Angeles and they'd be in their one bedroom apartment, literal lockdown. And every day they'd say the same thing. I just want this to be over so comedy can come back and I can see people again because that's what comedy does. It lets us see people. But I'm married with two kids. So I wanted comedy to come back for a completely different reason than they did. I was ready to not see people for a little while. In the first club that reached out was actually the club in Cleveland and they said, hey, we're going to start doing shows again. What do you think about coming up? And I said, it sounds great. It can't wait. I'll see you soon. And they're like, we haven't told you what the dates are. I was like, I don't care when it is. I'll be there. And they're like, all right. Well, let's talk money. And I said, I'll give you $500 if you just let me spend the night in a hotel by myself. And I try to do things other comedians did during COVID to keep the rust off. I did stand up at a drive-in which was awful. I hated it. They hated it. I mean, they're trying to watch a movie. But I was like, listen, I have jokes to tell. It's good to be here, man. I know every comic you've ever seen says it's good to be here, but I mean it. Okay, this is a good gig. And I know, because I've done terrible gigs. Okay. I've done stand up dressed like an umpire during a minor league baseball game. That is a terrible gig. See, I've been doing this 25 years, okay? And six months in, I didn't know there's jobs. You're not supposed to take. So in the woman from the Dayton Dragons baseball team came up to me after a show and said, how would you like to play in front of a sold-out stadium? I was like, lady, I've been doing this half a year. Of course, I'm ready for it. So I drive up to Dayton for my home in Cincinnati, where it was a beautiful night at the ballpark, absolutely packed. They gave me my umpire uniform, which was two sizes too small. Not a good look on me, okay? And I realized that when this guy said, hey, your chest protector's on funny. I was like, I'm not wearing a chest protector. This is a medium. And I started to get nervous and I asked this guy, go, hey, man, what happens when I think this goes as bad as it's about to? And he goes, look, I was a linebacker for the New York Jets and the National Football League for seven years. I know what fear is. This is nothing. You're going to go out there. You're going to have a good time. If anything goes wrong, I'll come out and save you. Those people love me. I'm the one who throws them free t-shirts when I run around with the mascot. I was like, all right, thank you. I appreciate that. So it's the fourth inning. I'm supposed to go out there at the end of the inning. Well, in the bottom of the fourth, there's a close play at home plate. And the umpire makes a horrible call and gets into an argument with the Dragon Star player at the time, William O'Painia, and proceeds to throw him out of the game. Then the Dragon's manager goes out to argue and he gets tossed. Now we have 10,000 people booing the man. I'm going to pretend to be in about 30 seconds to try to get some laughs. The guy was like, hey, man, you want to wait a couple of innings? I was like, I'd like to wait a couple of games if that's okay. He's like, look, man, if you don't go out there, we can't pay you. I was like, all right, let's just wait a couple innings. So fast forward to now, I'm going to try it again. The ending ends. The umpire walks down into the dugout. I put the mask on. They make the announcement. Tonight's umpires. Also a stand up comedian and he's going to do his act for you. I step out onto the field. Boo, boo. It gets a home plate. I start doing my material. Okay. And they hate it. But by the end of the material, I feel like they're listening. They're not laughing, but they've stopped booing. And now I have to decide, do I want to finish with some dignity or just fly this plane straight into the mountain? So I had been making fun of people who go to the flea market. Okay? And I say, are there any NASCAR fans here tonight? I would be like NASCAR is huge at the flea market. Boo. Hot dogs, pretzels, anything you can throw is just hitting me from every direction. As I stand there smiling behind the mask because I can't fully explain it, but there's something exhilarating about feeling pure unfiltered hatred from that many people at one time. But also, this has not gone well. This has not gone the way it was supposed to. And I don't know how I'm supposed to finish when I see that guy jog out of the dugout and start jogging towards home plate. And I'm like, oh, great. He's going to come and tell everybody what happened. And he doesn't slow down. In fact, he picks up speed and he just spears me. I mean, just levels me. Now I'm laying on home plate, looking up at the sky. I'm not quite sure what's happened. Pretty sure I've sustained a spinal injury and 10,000 people could not be happier about it, right there, losing their minds. While this guy just parades around my lifeless body, soaking it in, right? So then he picks me up like I'm nothing, like a rag doll. Just tosses me over his shoulder. Then he grabs the mic up off the ground. He's like dragon fans. I'll take out the trash tonight. Yeah! So I'm flopped over his shoulder as he's carrying me to the dugout. Wind completely knocked out of my system. So right in his ear, I'm going, we get back underground. He's like, that was crazy. I was like, that's insane. What just happened? He goes, will you cry out there? I was like crying. No, it wasn't crying. I didn't think I was going to breathe ever again. I can't believe I did this for $35. So yeah, it's good to be here. Listen. I just like having my own thing to do during the day. I like to do whatever I want. And I get that one on the road. I don't get that one at home. If it's a family trip, I have no say whatsoever. Now long ago, we went to Amish Country. I don't know if anybody's ever been to Amish Country with that place. Sucks. It is terrible. Not fun. You know what I didn't like? I'll tell you what I didn't like, the people. I didn't like the people. I found them to be very hypocritical. Because they're like, we don't believe in electricity. But we'll use it if we need to run your visa card. And I don't like that attitude. And I told them, I said, go bigger, go home, is he killed? Don't plug up, dude. It's a slippery slope. And he didn't like me, probably because his name wasn't as he killed. And I kept trying to guess what it was. I was like, Abraham. No? Jebadi? All right, I'll stop. The only reason I agreed to go in the first place was if I was allowed to take pictures and document the whole trip on social media. And the first time I took a picture, I get scolded by the Somish guy. He's like, sir, we would appreciate if you go and take pictures, you didn't take him of us. And I said, why is that? He goes, pictures give people a sense of pride. We don't like to do things and make us feel proud. I'm like, you're charging three grand for a kitchen table without any chairs to go with it. I'm pretty sure you're proud of that table, all right? Why don't you worry about filling in that mustache? Because you look silly. I don't care how good your pretzels are. I'm never coming back here again. Are you kidding me? Not proud, really? Why don't you tell me for the fifth time how you put that bar in up in one day? OK, I don't need this. I left a miscaping Yelp review. I never heard back from a manager. Last year for Spring Break, we did Gatlinburg, Tennessee. In Gatlinburg? If you've never been, let me tell you about it, all right? Gatlinburg is an American Indian word. It means land of the couples that were matching airbrush t-shirts. I don't know if that's accurate, but it's accurate. And they always pick the same design, too. This is what it looks like. It's a silhouette of a much skinnier couple than the people who are wearing the t-shirts. And on the shirt, this couple, they're holding hands. They're in love, you guys. They're feeder in the sand. They're under a palm tree. There's a rainbow sunset on what is clearly the ocean in the background. Then they just write Gatlinburg across the top, so that you know which of the islands in the smoky mountains that they visited, right? They're just, they're not smart people. But it's great for people watching. If you like to people watch, this is your spot, OK? I don't know if you enjoy it or not, but, man, there's no better hobby. It's free. You know, you just sit there with someone you love and talk about the trash walk and buy for a couple hours, right? Gatlinburg is prime pickings. I mean, there's not that much white trash in a dumpster behind a paper plate factory. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's special. I love people watching so much. I take pictures when I do it and trade them with my friends like their baseball carts. Now, if you're into something like that, let me just give you a tip. Make sure that the flash and the sound on your phone are turned off, which I know sounds like a no-brainer. Guys, I've been doing this a long time. I messed up. Bad. I'm in line for security at the airport. I'm going this way. Coming at me is a gentleman. Hawaiian shirt shaved face, but out of the top of his shirt was this perm. I don't know the right. A toughed. It was the brightest, widest, busiest chest hair I've ever seen in my life. And I've been this airsoda. This was next slide, bro. It was teased, possibly bleached. He looked like a builder bear whose neck had been slit to send a message to the other builder bears to pick it up, whose numbers are down, right? And I knew if I didn't get a picture of him, I wasn't going to be able to sleep that night. But here's the rub. I couldn't do it from this distance and this angle. No one's going to see how awesome it is. If I want some likes, I got a time it so that when he's passing by, I can get that side view, the profile. So to do that, I have a face I make. It's very simple. The only thing I'm trying to convey with this face is what? I'm just checking Twitter, even though my phone's kind of pointed in your general graph. He stops right here. I hit the button. It's like, click, flash. I was like, there's a Pokemon on your shoulders. Sir, just hold on. We'll get it. Let's just be careful. The other tip, if you're going to take pictures while you people watch, is to make sure that you have a full battery. Charge up. Because that's what happened to me in Gatlinburg when I went to go people watching. I was at my favorite spot to do it there, which is the old-fashioned candy kitchen. I love that place. Because no matter what time of day you show up, you're going to see the same thing. There's going to be a hillbilly pressed up against a window who can't figure out how they're making taffy on the other side of the window. And it's the greatest day of their life. They're just like, what? No. I come look. Come look. It's where they make it. The taffy for Cracker Barrel. Yes, right here. I don't know how they do it, even though I can see the whole process. This is... I saw her standing there, a block away. The Mickey Mantle rookie card of people watching. I got so excited, I was like, I've heard about you. Oh, you are coming home with me. Easy girl. Easy girl. I'm not going to hurt you. Got close enough to take the picture, press the button, just a dead battery sign. What? No! I scared her. She ran back into a room. Please believe it or not. Believe it or not? And I just sat down on the bench right there in between the pancake pantry and Fanny Farquhul's arcade. I'm so mad. All this time, I tracked her. I just let her get away. I wish I could pull up a picture so you could see how awesome she was, but I can't, because I was careless. So I'll just describe her as best I can. She had early 1990s hair. Remember that look? Pull back tight in a ponytail, but in the front. Whee! Whee! Whee! And today's news. Whee! Whee! That thing. I think defied all logic and gravity. I was wondered how that was formed, you know? Because I was only ever saw the finished product, and then I showed up too early for homecoming one year. And there she was in front of the big mirror. So that was that lady's hair, okay? She's so hurtful. She looked like someone that might freak one of Long John Silver's slash Kentucky Fried Chicken. Two-in-one fast food restaurant. You ever go to one of those places? Another great spot for people watching. I don't know what it is, but the average redneck brain cannot process that there are two businesses operating behind one counter and sharing the menu space above. And the first time they see it, it just catches them off guard. They're like, okay, can I get a... Okay, what happened here? Am I in a food court? Like what? I want chicken. I can order from both of them. It's the same company. Oh, I didn't. Okay. Wow. Okay, while I'm getting a family meal deal, I get two sides. Could I get a side from this side and then a side from that side? I can. Okay. Well, extra biscuits. I knew that before I came in here. And, um, these Long John Silver's have hush puppies. Ooh, can I do that? Two breads? I can? Oh, yeah. Let's go that. And I was wondering, like, what is the big thing here? You know? Because I know that you think I'm joking just for the sake of doing comedy. I'm not. Okay? Sit by the register in one of these two-in-one fast food spots. Ten minutes tops. You'll hear a sentence that has never been formed in the history of words. It's because there's too many options. And people aren't prepared. And they get up there and then align forms behind them and they get nervous and they're like, oh. Do green beans go with tacos? Like, I don't even know what I'm looking at. It's the best. It really is the best. If you're going to do it and I recommend you do it, just make sure half of wherever you go is Long John Silver's. Because that is the place that brings them out. Okay? At any Long John Silver's, you will hear a grown man ask for extra crumbs, which I feel is just a new low for our society. If you don't know what I'm talking about, Long John Silver's is a fast food seafood restaurant. And what they do is they take chicken and fish and they dip it in a batter and then they put it in the fryer and when they flip it out of the fryer, little pieces of that batter break off. And then a pile of all those little pieces form and the people go, hey man, can I get a scoop of the stuff that things been laying on? Put some of that in my treasure chest. And when I heard it, I was like, that kind of just asked for more crumbs. He pushes a button on the register. Boop crumbs, 10 cents. I was like, you gotta be kidding me. What? How often does this happen? I mean, I thought I could be witnessing the first time in the history of Long John Silver's or some guys like, I'm so embarrassed to tell you this, but I'm a little short on cash. I got a long drive ahead of me. I'm so hungry. Could you just, I don't know, put some of that stuff into a cup. I could snack on it. No. No. It happens so much. It has been programmed into the register. Think about that. If whatever you want to call that stuff has its own button, which I'm pretty sure will all agree was not in their original business plan. That tells me there was a day that something happened. It's some Long John Silver somewhere, something happened to bring us to where we are. And as a people watcher, I'm just sad I wouldn't there to see it. Because I pictured it in my head a thousand times, right? Some toothless manger just comes storming out of the bag. Hey, somebody's going to start paying for these crunchies, right? I can't be giving this stuff away. I mean, if everybody's going to ask for it, we've got to figure something out, all right? I don't know how to make it. It's an accident. Y'all just love free stuff. That's why we got rid of Tartar sauce pumps and switched the packets. Super customer. Y'all were just pumping it right into your boats. Nobody needs that much Tartar sauce. Nobody. I'm sick of it. He tries to slam that door, but it's a metal kitchen door, right? Now you can just hear him in the back. I ain't selling down Ricky. I'm sick of this. They don't pay me to put up with it. I'm so mad my hands shaking. I'm supposed to bowl tonight. Now what? I'm done. I said it before, but I mean it this time. I'm done. As soon as I can afford that lift kit and then look, Brian tickets, you ain't ever going to see me again. I'm out. Well, of course I'm going. Florida Georgia Line's opening. I ain't going to miss that show. They're the only two dudes that even settle me down right now. You do that? All right. Well then you take the Nellie part. You make me want to roam a window. You're kind. You're very kind. What I just learned is that I've thought way too much about an incident at a long John Silver's that probably never happened. I'm obsessed. I just have so many questions about that company. I do. I think it's run by podheads. I'll say it. I think that's how they come up with their ideas. They get together. They get baked. They're like, Carl, what do you got? He's like, there have been several occasions where I was like, I want fried chicken and pizza at the same time. But I was not capable of driving to two different places. That's a great idea, Carl. We could put both of them in here. Two and one. Cut the rent in half. I love it. Yes, Ricky. I've always wanted to make taco shells out of Doritos. That's what I'm talking about. That might be the best idea to ever come out of one of these summits. Taco Bell is amazing. You guys like Taco Bell? Yeah. That's a very polarizing restaurant. No one's ever on the fence about Taco Bell. You just say it and people are like, absolutely or hard-past, which is a constipation joke but also a firm no. I respect Taco Bell because they know what I just said. They know if you're going to eat there, you're going to eat there. You ever seen a commercial for Taco Bell? Never make sense. Doesn't have to. Doesn't affect the bottom line. They'll put out a product that has the exact same ingredients as six other products on their current menu. They just change the name or shape of it and try to make you feel dumb when you call them out on it. They're like, you never had this. This is seasoned steak, lettuce, cheese, tomatoes, and sour cream encased in a flour tortilla. How does that sound? It sounds like a steak burrito. Well, it's not. One more time for the new guy. All right, steak burrito. See you right here. It's rolled up. This, guys, what we did here is we fold in the sides and we press it with a t-shirt iron. What is so hard to understand about the technology we've invested to make crunch wraps? They make up food and eat. Like those things don't exist. There's no such thing as a crunch wrap. They're dessert menus a joke. They just take other desserts you've heard of and change it a little bit. They're like, we're the only ones that have cinnabon bites. Isn't that just a cut up cinnabon? I mean, yeah, but we cut it up for you, okay? You could say, grossiest. Is there like a cool container? You're going to serve them to me in? Nah, man, it's just a drink cup. We gave it a slurpy lid so you could cut your fingers trying to get the ones off the bottom. They're not. I remember several years ago the hostess company went bankrupt and then a month later an unknown entity saved them from bankruptcy. I thought for sure it was Taco Bell. I was waiting on that commercial forever, right? It's the Twinkie Barito. We have stuffed a Twinkie full of taco meat. Some people are like, hotheads are like, absolutely. Sir, would you like Twinkie cream or sour cream? I don't care if it's coffee cream. I would just like my Twinkie Barito, some fire sauce, two hoho lupus, and a mound, too. I would like the Baja. Guys, we got a no BC problem in this country and I know you're like, is this dude about to make fun of fat people while using his stomach as an arm rest? And the answer is yes. It's not that funny, lady. All right, just relax. Thought I could fool you with a track jacket. They sell these anybody. You only got to be a runner. My weight's gone up and down my whole life and I blame the book at program. If you don't know what the book at program is, when I was in elementary school, Pizza Hut decided that the best way to solve the illiteracy problem was to offer children a free personal pan pizza if they read four books or told their teacher that they read four books. And I mean, it was awesome when you were a kid, right? You got pizza for doing homework, but 30 years later, nobody's making you read books and you're hooked on pizza. That's kind of what I'm going through right now. I knew I had to drop some weight because I reached the point where I thought people were talking about my weight all the time, whether they were or not, that's just where my head was. Like when the Delta flight attendant asked me to switch seats to balance out a Canada regional jet, that'll ruin your day real quick, okay? Because if I think about it, it's not me. It's where I'm sitting versus where there's too many empty seats. But if you're self conscious about your weight, that's not what you hear. What you hear is, sir, if you move 10 feet that way, the whole plan will fly properly. Could you help us out? Could you help us out? And if you have to use the restroom, please ring your call button so we can send two people to your seat. Okay, I don't want to turn this thing into a space shuttle. We're just trying to get to Florida. I don't know. I rationalize too much, right? I think, you know what? Everybody loves food. Why do I have to change? And it's true. Everybody does love food. Bath and body works with selling a candle that smells like mashed potatoes. How fat are you? Okay? When you want your bedroom to smell... like buttered mashed potatoes. This fat turns out, I got the gravy one too. It smelled amazing. It was... It was a great deal. It was by one good one. And I got a free bottle of fried chicken body wash because I opened up a credit card to pay for it. Yeah, it goes a good deal. Number one show on TV, six years in a row, was man versus food. Yeah, they're doing it again. They got a new guy because the first one exploded or whatever. We don't need to do that show again. I learned everything I was supposed to learn the first time around. I watched that show as if it were a documentary meant to show America what will happen to your body if you eat unhealthy every day for six years. If you watch it like that, it works. You could leave here tonight. Go to YouTube. Do a search for man versus food. Watch a clip from season one. Then immediately watch a clip from season six. You'll notice a difference right away. That guy was way skinnier when he started. And he had an amazing vocabulary. Where'd that go? Watch season one. He's very articulate. He's like, folks, there's a symphony of flavor going on in my mouth right now. When I bit down, I got heat from the peppers. I got sweet from the relish, little salt from the bacon. This place they've done it. I'll tell you, they have made perfect harmony in the form of a sandwich. And then six years later, he's like, this is yummy. He's really good. It's too easy to eat terrible. It's everywhere. And I fall for it. I see some gimmick food. They're like, this is the most calories ever. And I'm like, I gotta try that. Wendy's has a sandwich called Sun of Baconator. Their food is making babies when they're closed to sell the next step. Little sandwich children. Golden Carousel. That place is still a thing. Here we go to Golden Carousel. You can go once. Can't go twice. Because when you go that first time, you learn there are no rules. There is no code of conduct. That's why it's called Golden Carous. It's like the old west of eating. I was like, maybe this was a bad idea. We try to leave the guys like, sir, is there a problem? Look, man, I appreciate you giving me access to a chocolate fondue fountain for $9. The problem is I just watched the guy walk by with his prime rib. I was like, hey, man, that's not gravy. Oh no. Is that you got whipped cream on corn on the cob? It's called cream corn. But I've needed to lose weight for a while. And I feel like I tried everything. And I would talk about it on stage. And then people would yell out how they think I should lose weight. One lady's like, you should go vegan. And I don't know if there's any vegans in here with enough strength to raise your hand. But... Look, if you can do it, good for you. OK? I can't do it. I've only had one vegan experience. It did not go well. I was in Jacksonville. And I was walking down the street and I passed a bakery with all these beautiful things in the window. So I just kind of poked my head and I go, excuse me, man, what's that right there on the bottom? And she goes, that's a root beer float, donut. And we just took it out of the oven about a half hour ago. Do you want one? I was like, no, I want two. But only put one in the bag because the other one ain't making it out of this store. So she hands me the one over the counter. I take a bite as we walk to the register and I was like, Oh. She's like, are you OK? I was like, I think you made this wrong. She goes, no, I didn't make it wrong, sir. Are you not aware that you're in a vegan bakery? I was like, I don't even know what that means. And so she points to this sign behind the counter and it says, no product contains an ingredient that comes from an animal. And I was like, well, that's ironic because this is some bulls. No, no, I didn't say it, but I should have said it because she deserved to hear it. She did deserve to hear it. She should know when I came through that door, I was in the wrong place. Look at me. I guarantee I don't look like any of her regulars, OK? And I would have had a lot more spec for it if she would have been like, sir, I think I might want the place down the street. Don't worry, it happens all the time. You know, have everything you're looking for. Milk, eggs, butter, taste, right down the street. It's like four blocks, I'm sure you're calling Uber. You can wait inside. I do feel like I've tried everything though. I tried P90X. 90-day workout plan. I made it 15 minutes, about 15 minutes. So it was hard. Nobody on those DVDs look like me. Much like the vegan bakery, that should have been my clue. I'm in the wrong place, right? Everybody on there is yelling at me like they know me. Keep going. Love that pain. Enjoy the burn. Why don't you shut up, dude? It's easy for you to say, you look like you've been doing this your whole life. Why not put one guy that looks like me off to the side so that I have a basis of comparison to how things should be going on my end? You know, I'd like to see if he's also laying on the ground about to pass out before the warm-ups over. I'd like to know that I might check out disc two just to see what happened to that guy. I'd be like, well, we lost Kevin yesterday, but we're glad that you're back for leg day. And I'm sure, say you're like, Josh, I don't know you that well, but my guess is you went into it with the bad attitude. No, I didn't. I went into it with a great attitude. I expedited the shipping. I upgraded to the multicolored resistance bands. I was dressed and ready to go. The day I knew it was on the truck for delivery. I put that thing in and within seconds, regretted every decision I had ever made in my entire life that led me up to that moment. And the thing is, I didn't go out looking for it either, you know? I was just at home one night watching TV, minding my own business. When this guy comes on, he's like, hey, man, you want a six pack? Yeah. You want in three months? I mean, as soon as the better, I guess. Well, call me so I call them. It was so bad. And here's the other thing that bothers me. At that time, when I started it, my health level was right here, okay? And all I wanted P90X to do was get me from here to here, right? Just a little bump. I was so bad. I didn't want to do anything. I just sat around watching Netflix eat norios. Every kind of Oreo that came out, you know, they do like the special flavor Oreos. I want to try all of them so I could give them an honest review and these. I even put a fake IP address on my computer so I could order Oreos from other countries. I did. I tried Swedish fish Oreos. Yeah, they're terrible, but it was better than doing CrossFit. And then by the time I snapped out, I found myself here. I was like, this is messed up, dude. I'm fatter because I tried P90X. And that's how I went with everything. But I didn't get immediate results. I would just sit around and get fatter, sad that it didn't work. Jim memberships, exercise equipment, diets. I tried every kind of diet people told me about. Even if it sounded made up, I was like, maybe it'll work for me. I tried this Minecraft diet. Yeah, it's just three square meals a day. Listen. It's a great joke. It's a great joke. Thank you. Thank you, manager of GameStop. There's the only people that like that joke. All the grandparents are like, well, I'll tell them to my grandkids. Maybe they'll enjoy it. I don't know. I didn't like the order that P90X went in. They start with arms. Disc one, arms. I need my arms to do stuff tomorrow. The next day I couldn't get either arm higher than where this is. Do we all see that? That's how high both of my arms would go. So brush my teeth that morning. I had to brace against the door frame of the bathroom, lower my head down, and then just move it around on the toothbrush. Because my arms wouldn't work. My wife is, she's been very supportive of me through my comedy career, which I appreciate. She understands that, you know, I'm in a line of work. And I've been in it for so long that my brain is trained to come up with a joke in any situation, no matter how inappropriate a joke might be in that situation. I can't turn it off. I remember the day we found out she was pregnant with our first child. She took the test and she passed or whatever. And she's like, I'm not going to get excited until I hear it from the doctor himself. So we go to the doctor and he comes in. He's like, yeah, you guys are pregnant. Congratulations. And I said, what's the due date? He said, well, if the date you gave me is correct, I'm going to guess July 4th. And I was like, 4th of July, that'd be ironic. He goes, why is that? I go, I mean, the day that America is celebrating the birth of its freedom, I can mourn the death of mine. And it's a great joke. I stand by it and listen. At some point, probably should have just told him I was a comedian. Because when someone knows that you're a comedian, they let you get away with saying things like that. They don't get weird. They're just like, that's what he does. I could tell by his reaction, he had no idea what I did for a living. And in that moment, I had to decide, do I tell him and make this room more comfortable for everyone that's in it? Or do I challenge myself as a professional and try to replicate this exact same awkward silence over every visit for the next six to eight months? Of course, that's what I chose. That's back when she still thought I was funny. That goes away. One day I learned a valuable lesson, just shut up. It's good advice. If I ever meet newlyweds or engaged couples, I always tell the dude, bro, just shut up. You don't know how good this advice is, but it's advice I wish I'd gotten a long time before I had to figure it out on my own. I got terrible advice from my married friends at my reception. And I blamed the open bar for that, you know, looking back. I was engaged for a year and a half. They never said a word. Then there was free kettle one for four hours. Now I got 27 Dr. Phil's popping up every five seconds. And my one buddy, I knew it was going to happen. I told her a week out. I said, listen, he's probably going to get pretty drunk at our reception. And my only ask of you is if you see him talking to me or even walking my way, you pull me aside or I'll be stuck with him all night. She's like, don't worry about it. So sure enough, he's wasted. Okay, we all knew he's wasted. He's breakdancing by himself on the middle of the dance floor to the soundtrack from Aladdin during appetizers. We all knew. So he goes into his backspin on friend like me finishes. We lock eyes. He gets up. He starts stumbling my way. I try to find her. She's leaving the room. I was like, oh boy, here we go. And I've known this dude since we were three years old. I've never seen him this drunk. I was like, hey, man, you having a good time? Are you serious? This is the best way I've ever been to. And let me tell you something. I was laying over there. And I was like, I've been married for a minute. You know, what kind of best friend would I be if I didn't get my boy? Advice about marriage on his wedding night. So listen, if I was just going to give you just one really good. Sorry, sometimes I can feel they're walking up behind me. It's just... It's just... Just pick your battles. So every one of my married friends told me. He said, pick your battles. They said it like it was a secret. Top level intel. I was finally allowed to hear it. Pulled me aside. They're like, dude. It's so easy. Just pick your battles. It's terrible advice. What does it mean on paper? It means if I only argue my side every once in a while, I get to win that time. No, you don't. You never get to win. There'll be times you think you've won. She might even say, fine, you win. You have no idea how bad you've lost at this point. I don't like the word battles. I don't think that's accurate. Very dramatic. 90% of the things you argue about when you first get married are so dumb. She came out to me one time. Come here, you got a paper. What? You have a paper. What's a paper? Chosh the white stuff in your eye when you wake up in the morning. Paper. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life. She's like, why would you call it? I was like, sleep? That doesn't make sense. Yeah, it does. That's what it's called. So it's like one side, but it's both Jennifer. You have a piece of sleep in your eye, or you have some sleep in your eyes. It's the same word, singular and plural, like deer or fish. So we're going back and forth. Neither one of us is using the medical term. Whatever that stuff is when you wake up in the morning. My idiot friends are in the back of my head going, dude, you're about to decide what that's called in this house for the rest of your life. You might want to see this one through the end. So I was like, all right, battle pick. Let's dance. This is it. This is the one. I picked this one. I would like to select this battle to be mine. You could have the next 10, 15. I don't know. I was not given a number. I would like to choose this battle. Shit, no idea what I was talking about. It should be the same. I said, no idea what I was talking about. It should have been over right then and there, according to legend. Nope. Two hours later, I say sleep. She says peepers. I'm like, I'm sick of arguing about this. Let's just call somebody else. We get her friend Heather on the phone. Well, I say crusties. Yes. Kidding me? It's for your nose. You got a crusty or there's a bad in the cave. We're not even talking about this. So we call my friend Dave. I'm a grown man. I'm not going to call him I, but why didn't I just shut up? Why didn't I just, if I just shut up, I'd be sitting on the couch all by myself, playing Call of Duty in a much better mood. What's that? Peeper? Oh, I must have missed that this move. Whatever. But, you know what we call it? Peepers. You're right. We call it peepers. So what was all any of it for? I have no idea. You learn things when you get married. You know, your life goes into a fast forward when you get married. It's like, as soon as you get married, then it's like, that's what, what about a grand kid? When you get us a grand kid? I'm like, take it easy. All right? We've been married four weeks. I think you can wait six months to meet your grand kid. But, you know, and then they get all excited, but they don't understand sarcasm. I learn where grandparents' names come from, finally. You know, you never meet grandma and grandpa. It's always me, mall, peepap, me, me, new. And I always wanted to make fun of that guy, but I can't. He didn't choose to be called that. No one would. It's not up to him. You know what it's up to? The first grand kid. Everything's up to them. If they can't say grandpa, whatever comes out instead, that's what sticks. Hey, say grandpa. Ship top. No. No, please, no. I've waited my whole life for someone to call me grandpa. Ship top. Ship top. He already knows. He knows it for the rest of his days on this earth. He's going to sign every birthday and Christmas card. Love, ship top. And mud hut. Ma'am, I'm mud hut. It's because this one's too stupid to say grandpa, right? This stuff keeps me up at night. My wife, you know, thinking I'm funny, like that was a huge part of me ending up with her, because I had had so many issues trying to find a woman that I felt really appreciated my sense of humor, because you hear it growing up. A woman love a guy with a good sense of humor. Is that true, ladies? Is that attractive? If a guy can make you laugh? Hear that, fellas. Do you hear that? That's what a lie sounds like. So just know it. I just helped you out right there. If you're looking for a tell, I just gave you one. They think they mean it. They don't. When I was in college, I used to get Maxim magazine. And every time I get it, I'd flip to the middle and they'd have some beautiful celebrity laying there. And they'd be like, Scarlet Johansson, what do you look for, a guy? And she'd be like, he could be fat and stupid and poor. As long as he makes me laugh. Just stop it. Okay? Like, being funny never helped me get the first date, you know? Like anytime I ever tried to use my sense of humor to impress a girl, it backfired. January of 2005. I will never forget this day. For as long as I live. I'm walking through them all. Very attractive woman in front of Victoria's Secret stops me and I'm walking by. She's like, excuse me, sir. Hi. Are you shopping for a wife or girlfriend today? And I was like, no, why? She goes, we're having an after Christmas sale. And all our bras are 50% off. So I say, I like when your bras are 100% off. Right? I mean, that quick. Man, I'm not going to, I was proud as I've ever been in my life. Not because it's that funny, but the timing was impeccable. And she didn't get it. She didn't get it. She's like, 100% off. Then they'd be free. Well, that's one way of putting it. You know what? You're right. At that point, they would, in fact, be free, which is back to back jacks where I come from. But I just got her even more confused. She's like, okay, hang on a second. Stephanie? Steph? I'm sorry, I'm just going to run this by my manager. Like, I just started last week. Maybe there's a deal they haven't told me about. Where you, where you get one. Oh, she's coming. Okay, this is my manager, Stephanie. Hi. Steph, this gentleman said that he thinks our bras should be 100% off. Does that? And the other girl was like, can you say that? I'm sorry. My new employee, don't mess with her. Then we wouldn't make any money. And I was like, well, I think you're wrong there, too. But listen, I digress. There's a moral to that story. It's very subtle. I don't know if you picked it up. But sometimes you got to do it for the story. Okay? If I was really trying to get a date out of that, maybe I would have played my cards a little better. But I said what I wanted to say. And at the very worst, I had an awesome story to tell you about it. And that's what I'd say to everybody. Do what makes a better story for you. All right? There'll be times in life where I'm like, I shouldn't do this. But I know 250 people in Sarasota that might want to hear about it if I do. And I do it for you. Okay? Yeah. Many years ago, I farted on Jessica Simpson. Now to some of you, apparently, that's a complete story. There's a lot more to it. Okay? I don't just go around crop dust and celebrities. She earned it. Here's what happened. I was living in Los Angeles and I was flying home to Cincinnati for Thanksgiving. It was a red eye flight left L.A. at 1 a.m. stopped in Texas. Then that same plane continued on to Cincinnati. Now, the airport is dead this time of night. I'm not really paying attention to anybody. And I give the lady to my ticket. And I start to walk down onto the plane. The jet bridge is backed up. And I noticed a girl standing directly in front of me is Jessica Simpson. Now, at that time, she was married to Nick Lache, who is also from Cincinnati. At the time, he was always seen around town at sporting events and night clubs. His whole family still lived there. It's Thanksgiving. I thought, that's probably where she's headed, too. So just making conversation. I go, you going to Cincinnati? And she was like, are you talking to me? No. Why would I go to Cincinnati? And in my head, I was like, well, aside from the list of reasons that I just came up with, is that a crazy question to ask anyone getting on a plane that's going to end up in Cincinnati. But I kept my cool. I was like, oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't trying to pry. I just thought maybe you're going to visit your husband or his family for the holidays. I said, I'm staying at a comedian. I've actually met him a few times. He's always been a really cool guy. And she goes, I'm sure you've met my husband. And I was like, no, you did. I was upset, okay? Because I, nor anyone, ever deserves to be treated that way. I don't care who you are or how many times I've downloaded pictures of you and then photoshopped myself into him. That's not the point right now. And I would have been able to get over it if I was sitting anywhere else on that plane. But she's in the last row of first class. And I'm one row back in coach across the aisle. So every time I glance up, I see her in her big comfy chair, getting whatever she wants, brought to her the second she asked for it. And I just, every time I looked at her, I got mad again. And I thought about my friends back in Ohio, the whole time I lived in Hollywood, the only thing they ever asked me was, have you met anybody famous yet? Now I finally had. What was I going to say? Yeah, she's not very nice. That's a boring story. So. We land in Texas. I'm wide awake in the middle of the night. And I decide, you know what? I'm going to just get off the plane, I'm going to get some food, and I'm going to get back on before it takes off. So I step out into the aisle. She's just waking up. By the time she gets her stuff together, she ends up directly behind me while we're waiting for the front door to open when I felt it. And it wasn't like my stomach hurts. It was, this is God, let me get my revenge for the way that I was treated a couple hours ago. Right? And even then I was like, I shouldn't do it. If it makes a sound, everybody's going to know it was me. Plus the power of the plane had been turned off, so the air wasn't circulating anymore. So there were going to be a lot of civilian casualties. You know what I'm saying? Some serious collateral damage. But it's all I could think to do. I knew at that moment it was going to be that story or no story. So, I throw it out there, and it's awful. Okay. It was unacceptable. There were people turning around, like they might be able to spot it in the air. They were just like... And I wanted to turn around to see if she was making a face, but I knew I couldn't do without laughing. So I'm like, the door's still closed up here. I was like, keep it together. We're going to be out of here in just a minute. The war is over. Clearly I'm the victor. Alright, so we finally get out into the terminal, and I get this feeling. It's a feeling the comedians have when they think something's funny. It doesn't count until someone who's not a comedian says, yeah, that's good. So I call my best friend, back in Ohio, where it's 4.30 a.m. He's like, hello. I was like, look, man, I'm not trying to scare you. I still need to be picked up in a couple hours. I just let... I had to let somebody know that about 10 minutes ago, afforded on Jessica Simpson. And from a sound sleep, he says, that's awesome. And I was like, thank you. Thank you for saying that. You know, because if he liked it at 4.30, he was going to love it at noon. So thank you guys for coming out tonight. I appreciate you being here. Have a good night.
All right, it gives me great pleasure to bring this man up here ladies and gentlemen Joe list Thank you Thank you, that's very nice Thanks You got it cool. I cuz no one's gonna believe it on YouTube. That's the problem Every comment's gonna be like fake audience You didn't clap at all. I appreciate that, you know, that's what I like I got a big sign with my name. I'm in the back feeling like hey, well the fuck what's up? And then I look and you're like no, I don't care about this guy It's perfect puts me right where I need to be for the big show The sign was a mistake I blew it with the sign It's too big I Didn't realize how big it was I mean this is an outrage Okay, can be with this I Thought it was gonna be like a little like Joe list Well luckily only cost $25,000 so I'm breaking even because of this monstrosity, but Thanks for coming guys. This is very exciting. Yeah, oh, thank you. Appreciate it. You're so nice You're lovely Thank you No masks in the crowd maybe a couple no I Support either whatever you guys do I support it. That's my mass dance That was my mass dance all the way through whatever people did I would just do whatever the people around me We're doing and then I would make fun of the other group of people That's how I handle things I'd meet up with friends. They have masks on I'd wear my mask and like I saw some alt-right fucking assholes with no masks I'm not a meal my other friends. They're not wearing masks. I wouldn't wear mine. I'm like I saw some cut liberal sheep over there with their masks Believe these buses I just want everyone to like me. That's my stance on everything is real abortion. Whatever you guys think I think the exact same thing agree with all of you individually You're all correct Like a vaccinated unless you didn't that I didn't either Stupid idiots They'll be dead in no time I did I got vaccinated and I was fine. I guess whatever I don't like getting shots. I'm afraid of needles I got I'm not afraid I don't know I just don't like getting a shot and I told the lady I was like I don't do well with needles so just go easy. She's like what happens? Are you gonna hit me or? Like what? People hitting you Maybe I'll hit you shit. I didn't know that was an option. I Had not crossed my mind to hit you But now that it's out there maybe go easy And I was like no, I'm not gonna hit you she's like well what happens are you gonna faint? And I was like you know what just put me down for a regular just Somewhere between psycho and pussy just a normal. I was just making small talk. I wanted to say something before we did it What Happens I'm gonna be like oh shit That's like worst case scenario. Eee Just normal That you gave me the shot I punched right took a nap just cuz I didn't want to let him down You know I don't want to be uneventful I Co-op was fine like when we started to first come out after the like the lockdown and then you'd meet up with your friends Kind of feel them out see who's been taking it serious Do you guys do that like I meet up with a group of friends and I got like one friend and he's like He's like I haven't left my house in like six weeks. I'm like, oh that seems weird And then I have another friend. He's like I wear the mask indoors, but not outdoors and I'm like that's fair And then I have another friend. He's like I fucked 48 women in three days and like oh That Seems a little risky at any time period you gotta be careful out there, but I Hope everyone gets the vaccine not cuz I care about public health I just want them to stop talking about the vaccine on the news because every time they talk about the vaccine They feel the need to show a needle going into somebody's arm on the TV They're like we gave a one million vaccines and look at it Wow And they get like multiple hang like four in a row just different angles of like a needle going in and I find it appalling It's disgusting My friends can tell me like you got a needle phobia. I'm like I guess I got a needle phobia. I didn't think I did I Just don't like I'm not walking around like a needle. Oh I just don't like watching them go into people Like I'm not afraid of bananas, but if I turned on the news and they were shoving a banana into a guy I would be like I fucking hate bananas right now That's not a perfect analogy, but I feel like it's decent I think it's weird that you could show a needle going into somebody's arm on television, but you can't show breasts Like a needle is vulgar breasts are natural No one agrees, but here's my point My point is they should show tits when they talk about the vaccine. I think that would be Should be like everyone's now eligible for the vaccine the lady comes out like Everybody who me vaccinated the whole country will be all over Even the most skeptical guy would be like all right. Oh, yeah, you got me. I'll go get a vaccine. That seems His friends like you idiot what about the government? He's like yeah, I might see some tears. I want to see some tips and Everybody likes breasts, you know, right? No, maybe not I Love him. I feel like about that my mother's funeral and somebody took their breasts out I'd be like that's a little inappropriate, but I appreciate it very much Thank you. That's really sweet of you. She put those away, but then looking out I Love him. I have a wife and she has breasts and she know I'm serious It does and she's so sweet. She's very liberal with him. She lets me see if she knows how much I love them So she'll like at the end of the day. I guess it feels nice to take your broth at the end of the day She'll be like honey. I'm taking my broth and I come running in like a puppy I sit on the floor and I make eye contact with both of them And maybe think like if I had breasts I feel like I'd be showing them off all the time Maybe not I don't know what's like to be a woman. I don't mean like drunkenly like whoo I mean like earnestly like in the morning at the bank or like Starbucks Where in line and the guy in front of me is like what's the matter? He's like yeah, it's just a long line I'm like hey check this out. How do you like that? Huh? And he's like what oh my god, I'm like, I know sweat and joy It's fun I'm not telling how to live your life. I'm just saying you could be doing more for your community if you wanted to ladies Traffic slap on the window, you know lift some spirits Sometimes though my wife. She'll wear a shirt that she's gonna sleep in so she doesn't take her shirt up She takes her brought off like through her sleeve. You ever see that like a lady should pull her broth through the sleeve That's like the meanest magic trick ever She's like ta-da I'm like boo That trick sucks It's like if you want to see a magician he pulled the rabbit over hat, but then you didn't see tits, you know what I mean? That's not a great analogy there my analogies need work, but I saw an ad for a bra store here in New York. I don't know the name of it, but you could probably google it It said it was like it was smaller than this actually, but Billboard it said we have 90 sizes of bras I was like settle that seems like a lot of their 90 breast sizes. I Guess there are I only know four breast sizes. I know tiny medium huge and yucky those were four breast sizes There's probably more than that, but it's less than 90 right? I don't mean to be offensive penis is same four sizes Those are the dick sizes also. There's like that's too small. That's regular. That's huge. What's going on with your dick? Sir you are It looks painful that's swollen Sex is fun. I like Rest and six I Look smart. I look like I've gonna have like intellectual stuff on the mora. Sorry I feel like I come I've like glasses and I'm like I'm like what's up with tips and there's plenty of shit jokes coming also I Thought about naming this special shit dick and tits, but Like the algorithm wouldn't I like all those things I don't like I don't watch porn though, which nobody believes ever No, you're saying no right off the bat. It's very hurtful. I tell people like I don't really watch porn like now you do I'm like all right I was telling my buddy. He's like a like a religious guy. He's like a spiritual fellow I think it's like a good guy. So I was like I don't really watch porn. He was like that's stupid. I'll send you some shit I was like oh, that's That's not what I was going for It's like a moral reason by the way. I'm not better than you like I'm a piece of shit I just they don't have what I'm looking for in porn Like my friend was like they have literally anything you can imagine and I was like they actually don't you know why because I can imagine myself having sex That's what I'm into that's my thing. I like me Having sex that's my fetish and there's no porn with me in it You can search all day. You're not gonna find any Joe Liss porn You type in Joe Liss has sex with a cast of friends nothing comes up Look at this I can just imagine it. I'm blowing Chandler right now. I can do whatever I want I Occasionally what I'll do. I'll try to find a porn that has a guy in it who looks like me to kind of like root for you know what I mean Like a video game. We create your own character It's hard to do though. There's not a lot of guys that look like me in porn There are but it's not going great for them If you see a guy that looks like me in porn he's tied up and someone's fucking his wife right in front of him. That's the look That's my porn look I'm like hey that guy looks like me. I hit play and he's like honey. No Putting lipstick on him and a shoe in his ass hole and I'm like hey, what the hell? Get that off of me I like that I have a wife too and we have like we have sex which is nice. We have like a healthy sex life So that's like another reason I don't need porn and we have sex a lot I like a little dirty talk during sex. We've been together for like 10 years So I like a little dirty talk, but she's not great at it. She's good. But what she does She throws out too much dirty talk at once. Have you ever had that with a partner? We're having sex. She's like yeah, you're so good. I'm all wet. You got great penmanship. Your dad loves you I'm like just do one of the ones I gave you don't read the whole list Those are suggestions not a script Just pick one and riff on it I always want to have sex but sometimes my wife doesn't want to which is fair of course But I don't like the rejection. So what I do this is a good move. I don't know if you guys do this I'll ask and then she says no I pretend I was kidding. Do you guys do that ever? It's like a pretty good move I'm like we should have sex. She's like I don't feel like it. I'm like well not now What You thought of it right now It's hilarious You thought right now in the middle of the afternoon I wanted to have an orgasm inside your body. That is you're wacky I was thinking later What do you think like six seven minutes because I'm pretty I want to I don't have kids my wife and I we thought about having kids during the pandemic But then the pandemic sort of ended and we were like no that's stupid. Let's not do that. Did anybody We were at home. We were like wouldn't it be fun if we had a kid running around but then restaurants open We're like well, let's go out to eat. That seems a little easier Save a few bucks Here's the thing if you're gonna have a kid I feel like you got to have like missionary sex just like regular. I love you sex Cuz I like to get a little nasty and bet you don't want to get too nasty And then you have a kid and anytime you look at your kid you're like ah shit that was crazy Is that how it works? I don't know I just picture like look at our son running all over the football field remember that night you stuck your middle finger to my asshole That was insane Look at our beautiful daughter graduating from high school remember that night you punched me in the face You call me a homo because that's what I needed to have an orgasm Cuz we had been together for way too long when we decided to finally have children. That was really something else I My wife is sweet sometimes I feel like she doesn't even know me though I was on the road recently and I couldn't sleep. I had anxiety so I called her at home And I was like I'm having trouble sleeping and she's so sweet. She was like have you tried masturbating? I was like that is adorable that you thought that I hadn't thought to masturbate I'm like no, I thought I'm masturbating. I thought I'm masturbating way before I thought of calling you That was that was several activities ago And I don't mean that offensively that's the first thing I think of when anything goes wrong We lose power in my house. I'm like let me masturbate real quick. I feel like that night spring something loose I lose my phone my friends like why don't you call them like let me jerk off. I think that I might remember I think my wife's attracted me it's hard to say I do I do mixed martial arts MMA anybody doing that Now I'll fucking kill everybody in here. Keep the shit in you guys If I wanted to you see it very nice but I do MMA my wife loves it. She's like turned on first of all I thought I was gonna learn like hand-to-hand combat. I learned dick to butt choker and that's That's cool too, but I Wanted to learn self-defense. I learned I'm attracted to men and Those are both good things to learn My friend was a you should do MMA find out what you're capable of I am capable of maintaining an erection while a guy strangles me from behind How would I have known that otherwise you know what I mean you've got to step out of your comfort zone occasionally I'm kidding a little bit, but It does feel oddly sexual the sport I show up. I take my shoes off. I give my buddy 50 bucks We roll around. I'm like this feels a little fetishy He's like we got to work on your mouth today. I know we hear a mountain. I'm like all right. I feel like I'm getting duped but My wife loves it though. She's like turned on. She's like oh my god. You're fighting. That's so cool She's like that's hot. I'm like you got that right She's never seen me do it though. I can't have let her see me do it. That's the issue I think she thinks I'm like stand there fighting a guy and reality. I'm just laying on the ground I guys pulling my arm and I'm like okay, okay, oh I don't picture my wife watching that and being like oh look at the way he quits right away I love the way my husband gives up immediately What a smaller man gets his arm You can just tap that's the best part of the sport you tap the other person they have to stop legally they win, but you don't die Sort of a win-win I think we should have that socially you know you're like a party or a bar and someone's telling you a shitty story And you're like you know what I think I'm done with this actually you're taping the forehead And then you're like no no you won that was great And your friends like why'd you tap so early like I was gonna kill myself like I've listened to that piece of shit story So I had to get out of there I want to be tough. That's why I do have a man. I want to be like a guy that's like secretly tough You know what I mean that like looks like me, you know, but like in kickass you ever see those guys Like you're at a party and someone's like you see that guy over there You can't tell my look at him that guy could kill you, you know, and I'm just like I want to be one of those guys. I'm more a guy like this I'm like at a party and people like you can't tell my like look at that guy But that guy is very good at softball you would really be depressed That joke never works, but I just want you guys to know that I'm very good at softball. I think that's important I know I don't have a tough look because my first day at MMA we went over striking That's like punching and kicking you pussy's probably out for no other kind of shit, but We went over striking my instructor said when you throw a punch you want to turn your wrist like you're pouring tea And I was like I feel like you don't say that to everybody somehow Pretty sure he just looked at me. It was like you've probably poured tea. Is that something you've done? I was like oh yeah, you shit me. I love tea. That's like my favorite beverage I My first punch was terrible. I had my pinky out to my elbow flare I'll never see one fire the guys like you want some camo meal bitch, huh? How about some jasmine? Every time we spar I say you're in steep trouble and I laugh and he gets mad Pretty cute is like you got to stop doing that I'm like well whatever you brought it to tea thing I'm trying to have a nice time here I want to be tough I started doing MMA. I got inspired. I was watching Larry now you guys remember Larry Nasser He was like the serial child. Well, this is not gonna be a pro Larry Nasser take not a way I'm not gonna be like that guy was all right No, he sucks. He's in jail now. He was like the gymnastics guy. He's in jail But remember the trial there was like a big trial for him and it was on the news and during the trial One of the victims her father stood up and he said your honor. Can I have five minutes alone with this demon? You guys remember that right? I think I was gonna beat the shit out of Larry Nasser the judge said no You're not allowed to do that The judge is like you may not But the dad didn't give up. He said how about one minute alone He tried negotiating that was the best part like the judge is gonna be like all right one minute come on Get these tables out of here. He asked twice come on hit the clock Get him Said no again. That's not part of the judicial system unfortunately But it inspired me because I was like I want to be like this dad and I'm not a dad at all But I was like I want to be like that guy taking matters into his own hands. It's gonna beat the shit out of Larry Nasser I was like I got to learn how to fight though because I don't know how to fight I couldn't do that if I was in his position And I was like can I get five minutes alone with this piece of shit and the judges like you got it I'd have to be like wait what oh shit I just want to impress my wife. I don't want to fight the guy I Because you can't lose that fight You can't be like let me get five minutes alone with this son of a bitch and come out five minutes later with two black eyes and a bloody nose crying And be like you're on a can I get three more minutes to two friends is that possible? How about one minute a weapon I want to teach the son of a non-unilessing I think if you have kids you got to be able to fight a little bit Don't you think protect your kids, you know? Yeah, you're saying yes, right? I don't want to tell a little kid my next door neighbor He was my age we were like seven or eight years old or whatever and then there was like a neighborhood bully And he beat up my neighbor and the kid that got beat up He was all beat up and shit and then his dad came home and the dad was so upset that his son had been beat up He went and confronted the bullies dad and then the bullies dad beat the shit out of this kids dad Like father and son beat up on the same day Brutal I felt so bad for both of them. I felt really bad though for the mother slash wife Because she had a compilment her husband and son have like ice packs on their heads And she's like what the hell happened they're like no time to explain We need you to fuck up Mrs. Reynolds right now come on This family is dominating us mom We need you Kick off those heels and kick some ass god damn it I do like kids. I like I have nieces and nephews and they're really fun I like them they call me fungal Joe and it's really sweet It's adorable Not even like as a joke they're like really earnest like hey fungal Joe. What did you have to eat today? And I kill two with them you guys are like you guys are laughing with these kids I pull my thumbs off and I'm like Kill sometimes I pretend to walk downstairs when there's not stairs there. I'll be like I'm going down It's better if there's a coach you guys aren't seeing the full effect I did it reach I'm getting old though. I did it recently and I fell down the stairs I was like oh I'm going to go fuck my knee gave out And if you didn't even get it he's like I'll go Joe's drinking again. I'm like shut up and get help They're fun here's some kid I don't have a kid but here's some advice from someone without a kid You can't hit your kids anymore people get very upset if you hit your kids But you know what you can't do you can throw your kids into a swimming pool as hard as you possibly can Nobody says shit I know that because I was at a hotel pool recently and this little kid went up to his dad He was like dad throwing the pool and the dad was like you got it son And then the dad's whole face changed He grabbed his son by one rest he was like He just whipped him He almost cleared the pool I had to step in I'm a good guy I like kids I had to be like hey sir I'm not going to tell you how to live your life But if you get low you might be able to skip him kind of just shoot him right across the fourth try I was in a hotel pool recently and as I was in that story so I guess twice twice recently A lot I was in hotel pools every week I Want to be the only guy in the hotel pool if you guys ever had that happen you probably have like families and shit or whatever but It's the best you're like a hotel pool. It's a huge pool. You feel like a millionaire. It's exciting I splash around and shit. I'm like Frederick. Bring me my pool toys Just to have fun, you know I was in the hotel that somebody else came in which is always a weird moment where you're in the hotel pool alone And then somebody else walks in you're like excuse me can I help you hello? Oh, this is public. Okay, I got you And a lady walked in she had a kid with her like a whatever age this is like uh you carry it like this and it said shit. I guess Two or three or whatever and then she got in the pool with the kid and then the kid looked at me And then she looked at her mother and she said I don't like that man One of the most hurtful experiences of my life Because I wasn't like splashing her given the finger. It was just my face that she was like nah, I don't like that And I want to be like I don't like you. How about that? Nobody like like six people like you and they're obligated to I got 70,000 Twitter followers you've done bitch. How do you like that? Yeah Yeah Let's see you sell out the village underground with a giant sign But you paid for with your own money Also, you don't need a pool you like a foot tall go take a bath you asshole. What are you doing down here? This is for adults I Didn't say any of that of course I put my head down and just left she bullied me out of the pool They should have you know they should have is like a like the hotel room should have like a monitor that lets you know who's in the pool You can't have that. I just realized people would be jerking off from the monitor I just as I said it. I was like that's no good women could never swim again, but they should have like a color coded system Because sometimes you go down to the pool and I'm traveling by myself a lot So I'll go down there. I went down recently. It was like a bachelor party in the pool And I got to swim with these bro's they're gonna like hold my head into water and piss on me or something So I got to like leave, but pretend I didn't want to swim I'm like do you guys know what the business center is? I have a towel and orange shorts on I got to check my email. That's why I came down here with flip flops on I do like kids. I was uh, no sometimes it gets weird with like other people's kids I was on the subway recently and it was like it's getting crowded again And it was really crowded and we were all piling on it was a little kid next to me And he kept stepping on my foot like three or four times he stepped on my foot and finally after like four times I said excuse me little buddy. You're stepping on my shoe and then his mother went um, he's a kid I was like yes, I know that That's why I said excuse me little buddy I And not hey get the fuck off my shoe asshole I feel like I was handling that as though he was a little kid was that not Oh, he's a little kid. I didn't realize that get on both feet. I'll walk you down the steps I thought he was a drunken little person trying to fight me. That's why I got so aggressive I almost choked him out. I'm so happy you stepped in I hated that kid and his mother I hated it possible. I don't want to be one of these guys that gets older and is like back in my day Whatever but when I was a kid if I stepped in a guy's foot and the guy yelled at me my mother would be like do you want to hit my son? Go ahead hit my child take his shoes I was on the subway recently there was a lady sitting across from me And we were just like mining our own business and she pulled a recent peanut butter cup out of her bag And then she started opening it and then right as she finished opening it She fumbled it and she dropped it on the floor of the set now Don't jump ahead everybody She didn't need it. She picked it up and she went oh And then she threw it back in her bag and she went She looked right at me and she was like this And I was like I'm sorry you doing that for me. I don't know why you get to see that. I don't care if you eat that I don't know why we're making eye contact. I'm not comfortable But she kept doing that she's like Oh Then we got to the next stop and she got off the train. I kept an eye on her because I was fascinated by this lady So I watched her she got off the train and I watched her get right back on the same train But one car up and right away. I was like I think I know what's going on I'm kind of watching it through the little window and sure enough she just pulled it back out. She's just aided on that Which I love I was like good for you enjoy yourself find a new crowd. They don't know I like that lady. I like that lady because that lady is me. I'm the woman in this story I just wanted to kind of feel you guys out to see how you'd respond Some of you judge me you can't take it back but many of you supported and I appreciate it First of all, I blew it off. I'm not an animal. I gave it a good and I brushed it You can eat food off the ground you guys know that nobody's ever died that way No one's ever been like my nephew passed away and you're like what? How He dropped the three musketeers bar on the floor He picked it up and ate it blood shot out of his eyes and ears He shit his pants and died It was the craziest thing I've ever seen in my life We should about a Dyson we had a goddamn dirt to hold suck I was at the a lot of times comedy is very isolated I guess I'm always in hotel pools by myself. It's a very isolating profession I was at the mall of America a couple years ago and they have a roller coaster at the mall of America Now I wanted to ride the roller coaster. I'm a fun guy you guys can see that obviously I want to ride the roller coaster, but I was by myself. I feel like oh weird. Oh, I'm like I don't want to ride a roller coaster alone But then I was like whatever that's just my anxiety getting the way of a good time So I said you know what I'll have one ticket for the roller coaster now the roller coaster seats four across So when you're by yourself they put you the group of three and my group of three was like three 10-year-old boys They're like here with these kids And right away, I'm like I don't want to sit with somebody's children. I feel like a weirdo alone now. I feel like a real weirdo with some of these kids But I had to go through with it. You can't back out in that moment You can't be like oh, I can't sit with kids never mind. Forget it. Sorry That's like a red flag. They're gonna be like what's up with this guy Why can't he sit with children So I had to be like sure You can't go too big either by the way you can't be like yeah You got to split the difference. Yes, I would love to So So the next time with the kids and you're about a roller coaster they're like right next to you I like our legs are touching we're like right here and I'm like should I say hello? She'll be like hey, what's up guys? All right There's that like a stranger danger. I don't want to freak them out But then it also feels psychotic to just stare straight ahead So once again, I had to split the difference so I kissed the cutest one in the lips came a little Nothing serious just soft. I don't know a good guy, you know It was weird because the cutest one wasn't next to me. That was like a piece of shit next to you. I don't lean across him He got jealous That part's a joke I gotta make it clear that this is I did not kiss the child But the story really happened. I really did ride a roller coaster with three kids at the mall of America And then there was a lady over here. She started waving like this now. I'm an idiot You guys are probably like oh, I bet she's like the mother of one of these kids that is correct I'm a tibsian. I thought she was a fan. So I started waving bad. I was like hey I'm just like you I was like oh, that's your child. Oh, that's your kid. Okay. I see. That's why you're both horrified. I've got you. I'm bad I had to ride the roller coaster. I didn't even enjoy it because I was so anxious Like it off the roller coaster. They're trying to sell you a photo. They take a photo of you on the roller coaster. They're trying to sell it to you Would you like to buy a photo of your experience? I was like you know what? I think I'm gonna pass on the photo Feels a little inappropriate. I'm like yeah, I'm gonna date by 10 of me and the boys Give any wallet sizes. I want to remember these children forever I want to remember these kids I met a few minutes ago for a long time I didn't buy the photo, but they got in line. They had a great time. So they bought the photo. I'm not joking This is a true story Right now there's a photo of me and three children somewhere in America It sort of motivates me professionally. I think it'll be fun of someday my career just explode I don't know if it's tonight, but someday The career just takes off and that family's at home watching a movie and they're like What the fucking guy from the roller coaster? What? Haha that lonely nerd from the mall He didn't kill himself He's talking to Tom Hanks right now That would be fun right God you scared me I thought you were coming at me I thought you were the father holy shit I just saw a movie but you were like in a fucking form tackle I was like oh my god That'd be a great ending you just smash me into the sign Well that's fucking ending rule Anyways Oh my throats kill me I got reflux Rooney I guess like that there was a fair spiel reference Think that in Anytime anyone clears their throat, Rooney Like to have a word with you by God Uh, that's a great film anyways I've asked a reflux I had to get an endoscopy Do you guys ever get one of those as a fun? That's when they put you to sleep for a few minutes Then they put a camera down your throat and into your stomach and they look around to see if you have $3,000 that they can take it's pretty cool To find procedure And again to the docks could be and the doctor he's like I we're gonna put you to sleep for a little bit He's like we're gonna use a propa fall and I said okay, and he said don't get nervous. I know propa fall is a bad reputation And I was like I don't know anything about propa fall Not with me it doesn't And he was like oh it's the drug that killed Michael Jackson It's like nice Do me a big favor give me a little less than you gave Michael Jackson if you don't mind I would love to sleep for a shorter period of time than mj And here's just a little tip you don't have to tell people you killed someone with the drug you're about to give them I don't know Maybe you do I don't know He said it's a great drug he goes it'll put you to sleep in less than 10 seconds You'll wake up you'll feel buzzed for about a half hour after that you'll feel completely refreshed And I was like are you trying to sell me propa fall right now? Sounds unbelievable They don't sell it you're gonna steal it, but it's a great drug He gave it to me Went right to sleep woke up felt buzzed little free laps exciting and the doctor came over He brought me photos of the inside of my body He's like these are for your records And I was like I don't have records I'm a regular person I thought you kept the records I don't even have a cabinet I don't know what I'm gonna do with these I don't need these have you seen photos of the inside of your body they look like wet vaginas every single photo looks like a wet vagina So much so I don't even think he looked inside my body I think he knocked me out Google image wet vaginas Printed the results handed him to me wet in the back and laughed his ass off for about a half an hour And the nurse like did you give him vagina photos? He's like I did it was hilarious One of them had a full bush he thinks there's a goddamn bush on his esophagus. He's a moron We got his dough I got a haircut recently for the big show right it's looking okay, right? I got a haircut. It was like a fancy place. It was in the village here because it doesn't matter Why I had a little few extra bucks and some time to kill so I went to a nice place in the middle of my haircut The lady said do you want me to do your eyebrows? She said it like that in a way that I had to be like I guess so Like she's like do you want me to do your dumb shitty eye brows? That's what I heard I was like yeah, I guess do my eyebrows and I know I have long eyebrows because every once in a while I'll get something in my eye and I look in the mirror and it's like friendly fire like it's like a It's an eyebrow hair that's dangled in That's I was like yeah, do my eye I thought she's gonna use like scissors though like a couple snips You know what you use like electronic clippers and did a full Like all the way across And I wasn't wearing my glasses so I couldn't see my eyebrow for like a full five minutes I was like I think this bitch just shaved my eyebrows off my goddamn face I Was lit I went through a range of emotions at first. I was pissed. I like I'm an eyebrow kind of guy. I like eyebrows But then I got mad at myself cuz I was like well she did ask I'm just an idiot who doesn't know what do your eyebrows means This must be what the young whippest nappers are out here doing cutting their eyebrows off Then I got excited. I was like maybe I'll be a guy that paints his eyebrows out that might be fun I'll go like triangle devil But I still have I put my glasses on they're still there looking nice I did a little eyebrow research for this joke. Did you guys know this? I thought we had eyebrows to keep like to protect our eyes. Did you guys think that to keep like sweat going in? Yeah, well evidently we're idiots. That's not why They think we have eyebrows for non-verbal communication. That's why we have eyebrows So we have eyebrows just so you can be like hey you want to They're forgetting late evidently. I didn't know I knew And then you ladies can be like And then we're like That's the only communicative hair really I mean pubic hair you can communicate with but that's not what it's for We've all done that though before when you hook up a cello for the first time and you got like a big full bush You're kind of communicating. I did not see this happening. I thought that I thought we were friends. I don't know This will look better next time you see me my apologies Anyways, so I don't have kids, but Here's another reason to not have kids. I think that like you can mess your kid up That's like a bummer You know what I mean like as hard as you try your kids still end up like messing like my parents are great parents They're still together. They said I love you a couple times they hit me twice hug me twice. You know what I mean good balance That was supposed to be funny. I thought you guys got sad But still I'm a mess. I have like OCD Exity alcoholism herpes that one's probably on me, but I just throw it out there. You know what I mean? Why not I Got I got trauma, you know nothing too serious. I'm not gonna get it make it weird in here But like why don't I want as a kid this like this hurt me. I was a little kid. I went with my dad to pick up pizza We ordered pizzas and I was like I'll go with you to pick it up And then we picked up the pizza and he just forgot about me. He left me in the pizza place Yes, some people are laughing and some of your gasping both fine However you handle it I looked up it was scary. I looked up. He was like pulling away. I had to run out there like an action movie He was like no My banged in the window. He was startled He's like oh shit. Sorry It hurt the worst part was the pizza was in the passenger seat. That's what hurt He had to unbuckle the pizza and be like oh my god. I knew something was there that I loved something warm I had to sit there crying in the pizza heat, you know My asshole all warm I Got over it because there was pizza but you know To this day I can't use seat warmers in the winter my friends like you want a little heat. I'm like no no don't touch it Oh shit my pants are start crying. You don't want me to know he I brought it up to him recently. I was like remember that time you left me in the pizza parking lot And he was like tell it to the therapist and I was like No No, no, I did he said I should confront you. That's why I'm thinking that way Lot of trauma of revisited recently my wife and I during the pandemic we just watched a lot of movies I rewatched uh dirty dancing. That's a great movie right everybody remembers that one So all of your shrugging didn't care for it. You know like it Or you don't know it or you don't like it you never see it. No, you're gonna check it out. It's a hell of a picture, but um Yeah, maybe you'll enjoy the joke anyways I've never watched it's a very sexy movie if you didn't see it. It's very sexy. You love it It's very hot there's one seat Patrick Swaisy. He's in there very hot guy and at one point I don't know if you remember this you don't remember this but some of you might remember this He locks his keys in the car by accident and then it's raining. You remember? Yeah, it's raining See she's getting like hot and bothering over here It's raining and so he kicks a fence post out of the ground by the way. You see that MMA training did anybody see how I kind of I Kicks the Kicks a fence post out of the ground. He smashes the window of his own car And then he reaches in and he unlocks the door and he's all wet and that's a sexy scene I know that because the first time I saw it I was eight and my mother went Mmm And I remember thinking something just happened to mom and I don't like it I don't know what's going on, but I'm uncomfortable now and then I realized only years later my mother got vocally horny next to eight year old me Like she was like yeah fucking Swaisy cock And I felt back to my dad sitting there and he's like I've never heard you make that noise I'm like I never heard anybody make this noise can we clean it up I felt bad for my dad because now my dad knows my mother's into Patrick Swaisy And I don't know if you guys could tell my look at him. He my dad does not look like Patrick Swaisy I got more of a Steve Bushemi dad, you know Very nice I Feel bad when I took my dad up so a couple of years later I locked the keys in the car on purpose. I was like oh shit dad I kept those keys out up He was like I'll call AAA and I was like god damn it dad Smash that son of a bitch I My dad he was sweet, but he didn't know what was going. He brought point break home a few years later Remember that movie that was Patrick Swaisy canna Reeves. You see that one no god damn you It's a hell of a film He's like I thought it was as a family. I'm like there's no chance at hell. I'm watching this movie with mom in the room. I'll tell you that You kidding me? We're all gonna be surfing when mom squirting all over the goddamn living room Um Watching Patrick Swaisy and Keanu Reeves and wet suits She can watch that alone. That's Deb time How about four scum you see four scum there you go you sound how one right I love that movie Some people hate it. I love it Best picture 94 Fantastic if you ask me I got beef though. I rewatched it movies get different as you watch him like later in life And I got beef with one of the characters Mrs. Gump specifically played wonderfully by Sally Field whose Tom Hanks's mother in that movie and a love interest in a movie four years earlier so Little little movie magic This is my issue remember the scene where forest got he graduates in the University of Alabama somehow We're not sure how exactly it's a little iffy Early on in the film. He's too dumb to get into kindergarten Later he graduates to the University of Alabama He couldn't get into kindergarten his mother had to bang the principal. That's how he got it This was pre-me too movement. That was a fair exchange back in the day It gets into the public school system Place football graduates university of Alabama and then a graduation remember this He graduates and a guy in an army uniform walks up and he hands up a pamphlet And he says have you given any thought to your future and forest says thought because he doesn't know what thoughts are He's confused And then it just cuts to for he's on the bus he's joined the army and there's a trolling start to like get your bitch ass on the army bus You pussy or whatever and for us is like oh my god. I think I made a big mistake And this is where I have an issue with Mrs. Gump. I really feel like she should have stepped in and looked out for her son If you're not even into the movie he's in grave danger. He's going directly to Vietnam. It's 1968 And here's what I think I think Mrs. Gump wanted to get rid of forest. That's what I That's the argument I'm presenting I think she was like I'm tired of paying for leg braces and banging all these principles That's a great idea Go to Vietnam see what you can do out there Because he wasn't going to get drafted he was safe He was draft exempt for a few reasons one. He was a college graduate Two he was his mother's only son and three he was retarded so I feel like I feel like he was safe Then he came home two years later. He's like I'm home mama. She's like you gotta be shit me. Are you serious? God damn it Oh I thought I took care of this that's great He's like how's Bubba he died he died Sorry I'm from the 90s I apologize You Guys are so great. I feel like I can knee you right yeah, thanks Let me see in my head here I got that one oh yeah, I got a bank. Yeah, I remember now It's down to cell phones and shits You guys don't look at your phone they take your phone here though, right? They're all wrapped up That makes it easier to not look at your phone now. I'm triggering everybody in the room though You guys are all like oh shit. What are what's going on in my phone? Very hard not to look at your phone. We're all addicted right It's hard some comedians get mad. They see someone the audience look at their phone They'll be like hey get off your phone. You're son of a whatever I just got jealous I'm like shit. I wish those look at my phone. That is better It is better than all of my thoughts I'm trying to not look at my phone anymore. I read a book called how to break up with your phone by my friend Catherine Price anybody read that book Nobody read it great I highly recommend it. It's great. I mean, I'm still addicted to my phone, but it was a fun read One tip in there it said write down waste of time on a piece of paper Take a photo of the piece of paper make that photo the background picture over your phone So when you open your phone it says waste of time and that activity is a waste of time because It doesn't work at all. I hope my phone. I was like oh, I remember doing that. That was crazy And I looked at my phone from about three and a half hours I've worked once but I had a good time doing Another thing the book rate of amends is an app called the moment app and the moment app tells you how many times you picked up your phone that day It's a good app. Yeah, you have it. It's nice. It's supposed to help you quit It doesn't help you quit though. It just makes you want to kill yourself. That's all it really does I'm like wow 178. I'm a piece of shit I used to drink a lot if I had an app that was like you drank 17 captain of coach today I wouldn't quit. I'd be like you god damn right. I did And then I'd tip over a table and try to have sex with a really heavy woman. You know what I mean? It's not gonna help me I came up with an idea for my own app. I take a little bit of that But then there's repercussions it tells you how many times you picked up your phone But there's some repercussions you pick up your phone 50 times and one day we send a picture of your dick to your mother That's like That would be a good app You're like holy shit I'm at 48. I can't sexually harass my mother. Let me put this god damn thing away until tomorrow But then a half hour later you're like I got a pretty good tweak on let me just double check She's seen it before she'll be fine She probably won't recognize it. It's been a few months years shit. Oh god I'm trying not to look at my phone, but it's hard because once again comedy very isolating I'm traveling by myself all the time at this point if in our society if you're by yourself in public You should be required to look at your phone Because otherwise you're just You're making everyone uncomfortable I was on a subway the other day every single person's looking at their phone except one guy just looking at the window I told a cop I'm like you might want to keep it on that's some of a bitch over there. You see in this It's guys looking at trees and smiling I was at a restaurant. I'm trying to look at my phone. So I was like I'm not gonna look at my phone So I'm just sitting there Like a lunatic and then they set two people like right next to me two old ladies and they start talking And so naturally I just start listening to their conversation Which is just social media basically. It's just two strangers talking and I'm like, oh interesting. That's not what I think And then at one point the lady was like my son's having a baby And then we just kind of caught each other's eye for a moment and I gave her a literal thumbs up I gave her the glasses emoji and a thumbs up and I was like we're living in a goddamn matrix. I think I Anyways time for the shit jokes Oh, thanks My wife and I we share a small apartment during the pandemic and like you know you got to go the bathroom, right? Of course But you know what you're like partner to hear you shitting. That's no good Right? Yes Why don't we do this do you guys do this maybe you have like houses? We have a small apartment I would say I could use the bathroom. Don't listen You guys ever do that? I say don't listen And then I remember my wife doesn't listen when I'm talking so I don't know why I'm worried about her listening to me shit Like I tell my wife my best story she's just scrolling Instagram. He's like, oh that's great I like the idea that I'm like I'm gonna take a shit. She's like let me put my phone down for this. I want to get Like I'm like don't listen like she's like please You know what you're party to hear you shitting but some people I do want to hear shit like some I don't have health insurance because I'm an American right and I have a bad diet I'm always afraid I'm dying so that's like my health insurance. I'll over here somebody's shitting and I think oh I'm fine have you guys ever had that You're like a public restroom me to see like oh And you're like I'm good for a while. I don't make that noise when I'm shitting I got a few years before I need to see a doctor Sometimes I'll thank him like hey, I appreciate that sir. I hope you feel better. Thanks for your service Every once in a while you're here someone shit so badly that I'll wash my hands like a half hour because I'm like I need to get a look at this guy's face. I don't know You guys It's like a game of chicken he knows I'm out there, but I'm like I don't have a job sir. I'll sleep in here I'm gonna put a face to that noise Then he comes out and I'm like I knew you're gonna look like that somehow I knew what you look like I could tell The problem with public restrooms the stall door never fits perfectly right when you go into a bathroom Like here these ones are good, but the stall door. It's never like flush. There's always like a seam there It's like the word and sometimes it's like way too wide Like you ever sit down you're like why can I see both that guy's shoulders right now Usually it's like a sliver like a shirt color and then you sit down you're like I could see an entire human hi I want recently. I don't know how wide it was exactly, but I know this it was wider than a child's eyeball and The reason I know that is because I was in the bathroom and a kid walked right up to me and just looked right through there was space on either side Have you guys ever made direct eye contact with a strange child while you were shitting probably not right? I just kept staring cuz I want to let him alpha male me. I just kept Eventually he broke the silence he went dead I It's like does he think I'm his dad or does he want his dad to see how I shit like is he like dad It's good to be back. This is fun. I missed traveling around doing comedy my last gig before the shutdown I was in the Plano, Texas. That was like my last gig and I got went to the airport I got a ride to the airport in a cab and the cab driver was making small talk with me Now I hate making small talk with a cab driver because I feel like I have to agree with whatever he says I feel that way anyway, but especially in a cab because they have your life in their hands Like I'm always afraid of me like that doesn't really make sense And he'll be like well, maybe this will make sense the fucking piece of shit You guys So I disagree with whatever he said we pulled in the airport huge airport Dallas Fort Worth airport second Biggest airport in America we pulled in and I said this airport is huge. I'm very good at small talk That's one of my skills And then he said oh yeah, this airport right here bigger than the state of Maine He tossed that out there now Many of you are laughing some of you are not laughing. Let me just help you out with this show. He is incorrect The state of Maine is bigger than the Dallas Fort Worth airport In fact all the states are bigger than all the airports. That's how That's how states and airports work the states are bigger But I went with it. I was like wow man, that's crazy I wanted to be like that's literally crazy. You seem like an unstable human being but thinking that that could possibly be true I even looked around I was like oh yeah bigger than Maine over there That was embarrassing. That's not the most embarrassing thing I don't even like to admit this but I get out of the cab and I googled it. I was like let me just do a double check real quick You're gonna do that when you're talking so you're like this guy's a fucking idiot and then you're like I'm pretty stupid Also, so let me just make sure Google it and I was correct Maine is bigger than the Dallas Fort Worth airport And I'll tell you what guys it is bigger by quite a bit actually I'll give you the numbers real quick. I don't want to make it seem like I'm just picking on this guy here are the stats Dallas Fort Worth airport huge airport 27 square miles Very big that's very big for an airport state of Maine 14,583 square miles This guy wasn't even close He was off by the entire state of Maine basically You missed it by Maine I knew it was wrong because you can't have an airport the size of Maine that would be too big for an airport You dropped off your terminal you're like she's not gonna drop it the wrong terminal. How do I get to terminal B? Oh, it's a nine hour shuttle. You're gonna have to make a bus Nine hours you might miss your flight Fortunately, we do have a flight that goes from terminal A to terminal B That's a 30 minute flight you want to grab that You have time. It's delayed it right out of fuel Because it was taxing on the runway and the runway is 475 miles long If you're unhappy about it you can write to one of the two senators of the airport We have two senators and one governor here at the Dallas Fort Worth airport You guys are fantastic thank you guys so much Thanks very much You You You You You
This is going to be a fun show. Mark has been back there practicing his skits all day. I walked past the dressing room. Mark was staring into the mirror like Natalie Bourbon and Black Swan for an hour. Please welcome Mark, Ellen. Thank you, Los Angeles. How's everybody doing? Oh, it is so good to be here. We have a lot to get through. I have to start with this. I know a lot of you came out here for a great standup show, but some of you came here just to make sure I was in fact still alive. This is sort of my fault and I need to apologize for it because I was excited about the show as we're taping it at Saturday night. This past Wednesday I got a flyer and I was like, oh, I know I'll post this flyer on social media so people know about the show. I posted the picture and it's a good picture of me, I thought. It's me on stage, microphone, smiling, whimsical look in my eye. You can tell this boy's dream is coming true. The problem was it was a black and white photo. Already some fans of mine started to get nervous. They're like, oh, no, what happened to the boy with the dream? It's a black and white photo. Nobody ever does that. And then the mistake was compounded because there was like a bluish hue over my head. I looked like a force ghost in retrospect. And then it said, Mark L is live special taping, but it wasn't the letters like, wow, special taping. It was way at the bottom. Why is special taping? And the kind of fun it was can only be described as church pamphlet cursive. So I posted it thinking, all right, let's see how it goes. An hour later I check Instagram, over a thousand likes. And I'm like, somebody's selling out some shows this weekend. And then I saw the comments. Top comment over a hundred likes on it. What the fuck, dude, are you dead? All lowercase, no punctuation. And it's very out of character for my mom to use that kind of language. So I'm here to entertain you, but also to let everybody know that I'm alive. I am well. I am in my adopted home of Southern California. We have a packed house here. And I'm so glad y'all showed up. I really am because I need a theater full of people to get out of the house. It's a rough pandemic for me, man, because I'm an optimist. And I think a lot of optimists had a really tough time the last couple years. If you're in this room and you see the glasses half full, if you see the COVID test is half negative, pandemic started all of us optimists were like, we got this. Humanity can do this. Let's get this over with. We walked in there. We're like, we can all wear masks for two weeks, okay? We'll mask up 14 days, day 15. We'll go outside, rip our masks off in unison, breathe the fresh air, throw it in the air, like it's a high school graduation ceremony. Except we didn't graduate, did we? No. America, we were the kid that got held back. And it was a tough one for me personally, because when the pandemic started, I was in my 30s. I marched into that thing. A confident, healthy, energetic 30 something, cuts me coming out, a tired, grizzled, broken 40 something. What's a TikTok? Who names a stallion Meg? Where are my Wednesday pills? I was like a wolf that had been hunting in the wild. And then it got domesticated for a couple years. And now I'm on the tundra and I can't hunt anymore. I'm just out there running with a pack, guys, postmates isn't going to be here for another eight hours. We all went a little minimalist, right? We all got a little isolated the last couple years. Everybody got a new hobby. Everybody got a new hobby. We got some bread people here. You know who got crazy is the air fryer folk. Yeah. Some of you fuckers with air frires. You all started out conservative, right? You got the air fryer. The first week you plug it in, all right, don't make any sudden movements. And what was your first meal with the air fryer? Let's just do one bagel bite. Get down, get down. And then week two, everybody thought they were Guy Fieri. We got a whole cow. We're going to see if we can fit it into this one air fryer. I got a new hobby too. I started doing drugs. Thank you. I saw my last special dog step brother. You know, I don't do the drugs. And that's in the past. And I don't know what they were talking about in high school. Not only am I having fun, I think I'm hooked. It's a good time. I like the edibles. I like the weed. It helps me sleep. It helps me relax. Takes the edge off the blow. And part of the fun for me too is that I'm old enough to remember when it was illegal. So now when I go to a dispensary, I still feel like I'm doing something a little naughty. You know, I tiptoe in. And anything that cops are here, there's a security guard at every dispensary. I go to this place in the valley called ice cream. But the cream is spelled with a K. So you know, that ain't ice cream in my bag. And I acknowledge I started way too late. I'm way too late in the game. Like drugs, it's like skiing or golf. If you want to get good, you got to start when you're a little kid. Right? Because nobody has good drug stories in my age. That happens when you're young, right? Like, how old were you? You're your first drug? 16? Okay. It was the weed or you just slammed the age right in your toes. What was the... You can tell I'm new because I still call it the weed. Like, I go to an ice cream. You sell doobies here? Is that a thing? Yeah, I... I'm jealous of that. Because like, you're 16, you get high. You probably had fun. Man, we got cut class and we woke up in a dumpster. Like, it's a funny story. What's a good drug store in your 40s? Matt, I got so high last night, I lost my family. LAUGHTER Yeah, me and the boys. We got baked over the weekend. And now we live at Extended Stay America. So I don't know how... And I'll still make rookie mistakes with it, too. I like to... Usually my routine is I'll do my shows at night and then I'll do an edible when I get home, watch my stories and go to bed. Right? A couple weeks ago I didn't have any shows. It was a Tuesday night. It was like 6'30 and I'm like, I think it's enough. I think I've waited long enough to get the edible in here. So I crank it into my golet and I start feeling it. And then I realize, oh no, Mark didn't eat dinner yet. That's mistake number one. Then I made another one by deciding it was a good time to go to the grocery store. See? Oh, you professionals are like, dude, you cannot be doing this to me right now. It gets worse. So when I'm sober, I shop at Whole Foods. Where are my Whole Foods people at? There you go. Clap if you think you're better than everybody. That's... That's been me for the better part of the last decade. I go to Whole Foods, but on this particular night, I got high and I was like, I think it's time to go back to Ralph's. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yep. Yep, Ralph's for my East Coast friends. It's like the food line or the Wegmans up in the Pacific Northwest. It's like the QFC. It's the normal grocery store, but I've been going to Whole Foods forever. So then I got high and I went back to Ralph's and it was like I was skipping into Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. Oh, it was beautiful. Everything that I remember was there. The snacks, the desserts, the odorant that actually works. It's an amazing place. As soon as I walked into this land of miracles, I grabbed a balloon. It wasn't my birthday. I just wanted the balloon. And then I hit aisle six. And aisle six for you, Ralph's regulars, you know. That's a cereal aisle. And to me that night, that was the Asgardian Bridge to Valhalla. I remember all the cereals, Tony the Tiger waving me back. We missed you, bud. Because Whole Foods, they don't have a cereal aisle. If you're lucky, they have a lady handing granola on the way out. They have one sad shelf with a couple different cereals. The best stuff at Whole Foods is this stuff called Heritage Crunch. Sounds like it's from the Revolutionary War. Heritage Crunch? Heritage is another word for old. I'm not starting a new day with old crunch. I don't want to eat Heritage Crunch. I'd like to speak to the captain of crunch. If I may, Heritage Crunch sounds like Captain Crunch's racist grandfather. After you, boys, are done playing pirates. I got this flag. I want to show you in my study. Come here. And all of us, marijuana users, got some good news recently. President Biden, he repealed anybody who ever had a simple possession that's gone. You're pardoned. You're good to go. This is good news. It's good news. I don't necessarily want Biden himself doing the drugs. I love that every time there's an election cycle, every time we're looking at who the new president could be. The media always loves asking that question. Have you ever gotten high? You're smoked weed. I remember the first time I saw it was when I was a kid, and they asked Clinton. And Clinton was like, I don't know, maybe. Once you come back to my room, find out. And then they asked George W. Bush the question, and he did not understand it. And Obama was the first one. Obama was the first one who just flat out, admitted, and he shocked everybody. So have you ever smoked pot? And he was like, ah, yeah. Really fun. So Obama admitted he smoked weed. Trump claimed he never did. And I don't know if you all know, does slight difference in temperament. Now, I'm not saying Trump doesn't do drugs, but if he does, weed is not the one he's been enjoying. And you can tell, as the presidency started unravel, right? There's supposed to be like a peaceful transition of power. There's supposed to be a nice sit down between the sitting president and the incoming president. And it works like a relay race, right? Like, the president has a baton. They hand it to the next one. So here comes Donnie around the corner, and he's about to hand the baton to Joan. He's like, fuck you. Don't get it. One of the last things Trump did when he was in office is he took Air Force One out. You know where they were going? No where. They didn't have a destination. He just wanted to be in the big plane one more time. So my theory is, they got in the plane, they did a few laps around DC, they did a mountain of coke. Probably came up with a great idea for a fusion restaurant. And then the plane lands. And the last thing Trump did before he de-planned Air Force One for the very last time, I think Trump took an upper decker in the bathroom. Now some of you in this crowd maybe too classy to know what an upper decker is. Luckily for you, I went to college in North Carolina. So an upper decker is where you poop, not in the toilet, but you take the lid off the back, you poop in there, put the toilet lid back on, nobody knows where the smell is coming from. And I don't think the Biden administration has found it yet. And that's why Biden trips. Every time he goes up the stairs to Air Force One. I feel so bad for that poor bastard when he trips on the stairs, but I'm also kind of impressed at the athleticism because he falls up. I don't know which pill in the matrix he took, but he just keeps going. He's like a reverse slinky. It's an actually incredible thing. And we doesn't even really the cool drug for the kids, for the Gen Zs, the millennials, y'all like your shrooms now. Get shroom people. They have their fun little terms, like micro dosing. Like, oh no, I'm micro dosing. Like it's not like you're doing drugs still. Micro dosing. Like I'm not in alcoholic. It's a core Anita. Just a tiny little one. Shrooms is what happens when you give disposable income to a generation raised on Mario card. It's all these shrooms were good for your whole life. And I mean, my era is before that. Like my Mario didn't have a vehicle. If you're lucky, you had a dinosaur give you a lift in like one level. But I go all the way back to the original Super Mario Brothers, which was the best because it was so easy. They would just aim you in one direction. And this is your whole video game right here. If you ran so far this way, you can't even go back that way. Get your fat ass to the castle. The premise of Super Mario Brothers, a king's daughter gets kidnapped by a giant dragon. And he sends two Italian plumbers to go rescue him. The king got all his hands together and he's like, all right, we need to get my little girl back. I do not want to spend a lot of money. Ideas. And they're like, well, Navy SEALs, that's expensive. Marines are pretty costly. One guy raised his hand, hey, remember those two guys that fixed the toilet last week? Yeah, the one found the upper decker. We had no idea what that smell was. I'm a big sports fan. I love the NFL. I played college football on Xbox and had to retire concussions, you know how it goes. But even the sports games are good to play like Madden is so complex now. Madden, you can actually make yourself into an NFL player. You can make me into an NFL athlete, which is actually easier than going to the gym. Because like, I could be sort of Mara or I could win the Super Bowl right now. And it's weird being a sports fan my age, 42 years old. And you realize that now every ad is targeted right at you. Every time I watch a game, every time I listen to sports talk radio, every ad starts the same way. Are you past your pride? You're not at the energy you used to. I think it's me they're talking to. Are you a little bitch, Mark? Who sang that? Trying to hop us up on energy boys. Now I'm nervous every time I go work out every time I go to the driving range. I'm worried Doug Floody and Frank Thomas are going to jump out of the bushes, throw some pills at me. Don't take the bait, man. I'm too old to have energy. Energy's going to get me arrested. I'm going to go out after the show. You're going to see a bunch of you guys in their 20s and they have way too much energy. They're like, oh, it's Saturday. I got to fuck something or fight something. I don't know what it's going to be. And I was like that. When I was in my 20s, I wanted to date every woman I saw, right? Same thing in my 30s. In my 40s, I want to sleep. That's it. An energy? That's going to fuck up my nap. I love naps, man. I took the 5p end of that. I refer to naps like it's a train schedule. I took the 5pm backstage and that's my favorite one because the 5pm is where you go to bed and it's light out and then you wake up and it's dark and you're like, what the fuck happened? Where am I? Like, I thought about this. I love sleep so much. I no longer fear death. It's just a good snooze. So when you're at my funeral, we'll use the picture I posted. But don't, if you get to eulogize me, don't do the normal stuff. I'll say Mark died doing what he loved. No. Say Mark's dead and now he's doing what he loved. I try to make it to the gym when I can. I have a personal trainer because I work in entertainment and that's the law. Seriously, all you dreamers out there, moving to LA, here's how it works. You drive out to California, they stop you at the border, you surrender all your fruits and vegetables and they hand you a personal trainer. Sir, you got to give us those avocados and this is cricket, your trainer. Enjoy it. They're just so optimistic and positive all the time. I go to the gym and they're like, all right, Mark, today's leg day. I'm like, uh, leg day, how do you think I got in here? We're good on the legs. I have a demo of the movements for you which is a little intimidating because they show you how to do it properly and then I have to follow that. And they're like, Mark, here's how you do a deadlift and I'm like, think, and that's how a 28 year old does a deadlift. I'm 42. My deadlift is called two of my friends. Hey, you assholes want free pizza? Help me move this couch. Get over here. It's still going better than it was. When I first got out here, I didn't know what to do. I joined a gym called 24 hour fitness and it sounds like a good premise, right? I was open all day, all night. Problem was back then, I was chubby, I was robust, I was portally, I'm trying to think of other phrases that aren't the F word. We're not supposed to say the thing I called Mario and Luigi, I'm not supposed to say that. I feel like I can say the word fat. Most of my best friends are fat. So that was an accurate description of me at the time when I was out here. And if you're in my situation, 24 hour fitness is tough. There's never a good hour to go. You can either go in the middle of the night when it's just you and some nutcase wearing a spider-man costume right next to you. Put down the camera, Peter, I get it. Or you can go in the middle of the day, which is the worst time to go if you're overweight because it's always the good looking athletic, the winners in life on the treadmills. And then there's just a line of chubby people like we would have been in at TGI Fridays by now. What's the... I'm sorry, but I think if you're the biggest one at the gym, you can go up to anybody. Ah, yeah, excuse me. You're training for a triathlon? That's cute. Last night I got drunk and ate a birthday cake by myself. You're 5% body fat, I'm 5% dominoes. Off you go. Yeah, that's the phrase, man. Past your prime. And I'm not ready to admit that I'm past my prime yet. I will say this is as good as it's going to get. So, and you ladies thinking about it tonight's the night. And every time I like, I'm talking to a girl who's younger than me, I feel like a desperate stockbroker. Like, trying to talk her into a stock that I know is shit. Because guys, when you're in your 20s and investment terms, you're like gold, you're silver, you're precious metals, you're going to last forever. Once you hit 40, you're cryptocurrency. You know, like, I look good tonight, it could all be gone tomorrow. And you have to make do with what you have. We have pills for some stuff, we have surgeries for other things, but nothing's going to make these hands any bigger. I don't care who you voted for, these are trump hands. We can all admit that, right? So just tiny little, grabbing any pussy power, documents before you leave office. And if you look at it throughout the history of time, every dictator had tiny little hands. That's why they had to be a dictator. Every cold leader, tiny hands, every one of them, Jonestown, Nexium, Peloton, they all have tiny little hands. Just begging you to stay with them on this journey. Keep peddling the bike, Mark. Hands are going to stay this size, feet aren't going to grow anymore. I'll be honest, once you hit a certain age, this doesn't work. It doesn't work as well. I'm not ashamed to admit it. My reproductive area, it's about as effective as the Johnson and Johnson vaccine. I know, it's probably going to be okay. I got a 66% completion percentage. Let's go in the bedroom. That was the thing that bothered me. I was all four of vaccine. I wanted a vaccine, but the way we rolled it out, this kind of thought was dumb because people think that Americans want free. We don't want anything free. We say we do. I want free healthcare. Then you got free healthcare. I don't trust this shit anymore. We want exclusive. Okay, we don't want free. We want exclusive. Think about it. You came to the show tonight. If everybody got a free t-shirt, you'd be like, look at this cheap piece of shit. But I could take this whole crowd to a basketball game and the mascot comes out with the t-shirt cannon, you're losing your goddamn minds. Give me the shirt. Give me the shirt. Next time there's a pandemic, I want a vaccine. Don't get me wrong. I want there to be a vaccine, but just don't announce it because we can't handle it. It's going to get politicized. It's going to get divisive. Make the vaccine and just put it in McNuggets. Yeah. You've accidentally McNuggets. The whole pandemic is going to be over in three weeks. And then when it's time for our booster shot, the McRib is back for a limited time only. I thought you retired. Well, Monkey Pog's brought it out of retirement, baby. You know, anti-vaxxers would find out though. They find out we're spiking the McNuggets with medicine. Maybe protests and outside Mickey D's. You didn't tell us what you're putting in the McNuggets. And McDonald's is like, we've never told you what we're putting in our time. You think the clown tells us what he's doing up there? We don't know. Go to McDonald's after the show. Ask him what's in a quarter pounder. They're like, oh, there's some brown. It's a little thing orange, I think. They always have their excuses. You know, their conspiracy theories. Some people thought they're good microchips. When they got the vaccine, they thought they were good microchip that wall greens. That's where we're keeping them, really. That's where the government's storing the microchips. At wall greens, right next to the self-checkout that doesn't work for more than 10 consecutive minutes. Let me tell you something. You got microchip that wall greens. Nobody knows where the fuck you are right now. You're safe. They always have the same reasoning. Like, I don't want the garments to know what I'm doing or where I'm going. Three hours later, we tell them. We're all the flow out wings. Get in here, self-checkout. I was thinking about this a lot. I don't think it'd be the worst thing if we microchipped you, man. I don't think it'd be the worst thing. Just go with me on this. Because currently on Earth, we have one species that we regularly microchip. And dogs look pretty happy. I have a dog. She was better than anybody in this room. She gets to sleep all the time. She gets to eat more. She gets to whole food shit. She gets to go outside. She gets to take a shit outside. The smile on this young boy's face when I said that. You're like, really? I could do that? Get microchips on. Yes, you too. Don't you just want to try that freedom once? Just go right out there and we'll show you a bowl of our. Just drop-trow and nobody gets mad at you. Like, oh, this is great. They don't get mad at you. They get mad at you for not picking it up. How great would that be? Oh, he's so cute. Bring a bag, asshole. I did that joke in New York and just pulling it out in the back. What about cats? I'm like, yeah, I know. We microchip cats, I guess, and cats are. I don't consider them pets. They're more like in-laws. You know, they kind of show up and they just don't really leave. And there's technically love there, but they're just really judging you. You feed them once. They just stay. I don't know. I did have, like, I was suspicious of the vaccine recently because I don't know if anybody else is going through this. I can't remember shit. Like, my memory is awful. And it's the kind of memory loss where, if you're looking for your keys, then you're like, oh, I was holding my keys the whole time. They're like, I keep finding my sunglasses that are on my head. Or how long have I been driving this car for? I mean, this is not good. And every time that happens to me, my knee-truck reaction is, that's the vaccine. Never once did I consider it might be due to the fact that I now do drugs every night of my life. That never came up in the thought process. You know, couple edibles, some beers every night. I don't know why my brains foggy. It's got to be that one shot of medicine I got eight months ago. But I did discover hidden benefits of marijuana. A hidden power to marijuana is that now documentaries last forever. Because I'll put on a documentary high. I'll watch 20 minutes fall asleep. The next night, I go to pick it up, and I'm like, I don't remember the last 15 minutes of what I watched last night. I think it's time to go back to one part documentaries. They're getting a little too beefy. Not every story needs 10 parts. I watch the 13 part documentary on whether a woman fell down the stairs or not. That's the whole documentary. She wasn't a famous athlete or an international conflict. We were just figuring out if she comes here, did she marry the wrong guy? I don't know. And I was riveted. I was like, did she fall? Was she pushed? Why do I care about this person? When I was a kid, I watched a documentary on the formation of the universe. One hour. With commercials. Now, there is some subject matter that dictates you need a longer time to tell the story. My favorite documentary of all time, Ken Burns is the Civil War. A wrestler called in 10 years, Civil War 1. I hope we can all laugh about that in a decade, but I don't know. I'm fascinated by the Civil War. I grew up on a lot of those battlefields, and it goes through everything. The Civil War documentary is comprehensive. You get the Battle of Fort Sumter, the Surrendered Appomattox, Captain America, and Iron Man duking it out. But the most fascinating part of it to me is the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. So as the story goes, Abraham and Mary Todd, they saw play that night at Ford's Theatre after a long day of vampire hunting. Can anybody name what play they were at? I have the best goddamn fans in the world. They're like, all right, we can't just yell at that. We'll raise our hand and hope he calls on us. All right, you. A guy that really wants to take a shit outside. What do you... What's... Are American Cousin? We were looking for Jersey boys. He was actually saying, Jersey boys. Oh, you're right. It was are American Cousin, and you can still go see Ford's Theatre. I grew up in DC. You can still go to Ford's Theatre, see the balcony. You can see next door where John Wilkes puts his nut in. It's a hard rock cafe. Right. So John Wilkes put out a big bowl of heritage crunch, and then he starts... Needle in into the hard rock cafe. It's a genius plot because nobody's going to hear a gunshot when we're rocking out to Death Leopard. So Booth jumps in, he caps Lincoln, and he was a known actor at the time, and you thought fuckers could get canceled today. He shot the president, and then being the, you know, the Thessapian he is, he made a show. He jumped on stage, broke his leg in the process, but landed, and he said to the crowd, six-sempor tyranists. Which is Latin for us to all tyrants, but I'm feeling not a lot of people in here knew that. And it's nothing against y'all, I don't know it either. But man, crowds were educated in the 1860s. This guy just shot the president of the United States, he jumps on stage, says Chittin' Latin, and they're all like, wow, okay, I get it. The other actors run stage like, do I yes and this? I don't know. I mean, put that in context today. If somebody broke in here and they shot me in the back of the head and said six-sempor tyranists, the cops would be interviewing y'all after the show. Did he say anything? I think he said something about Antifa. I really don't. You're a good crowd. I'm not talking about abortion. I don't want to do it either, but I'm a white man. It's my job to tell you ladies how to feel about your bodies. I don't have a uterus. Here's what to do with yours. Those who can't do teach. You know what? I'll back up. So, a little while ago, my Twitter account got hacked. My Twitter account got hacked. Everybody in this crowd knows Twitter. If you're watching this a few months later, Twitter was an app on your phone. Where you could get some information and you could realize that the thing you've loved your whole life is actually stupid. So my Twitter account got hacked and I verified, had the blue check mark before the bird had a yard sale. I had the verified. So it's my blue check mark. It's my name. It's my picture. But I couldn't get in there. It was a scam. And the scam posted from my account, which people trust. Hey, guys, I know times are tough right now, but I'm selling PlayStation 5s for 50 bucks. And I'm donating all the proceeds to charity. And this happened to be the day when Roby Wade was being overturned. And so on my timeline, a lot of women I follow, a lot of women I admire were saying very important things. One of the prevalent themes of that day was where are all the men right now? We need men to speak up. Men are being awfully silent. Here comes Mark, who wants a PlayStation 5 for 50 bucks? The skirts are dealing with something. Come on, boys. Let's play video games. And for the record, I am pro-choice. I think that's a pretty easy way to go about it. You're a woman. You're pregnant. It's your decision. I will also say that if I'm the one that got you pregnant, I know which team I'm rooting for. But it's not my call. That's the problem. Men always want to get involved. We look at everything in terms of competition, in terms of athletics. So we want to be on the playing surface. But in this particular Paul game, we're not on the playing surface. We're in the raptors just cheering for our side. You know? Good luck, honey. We don't want it. And I just hate. Anytime you have a debate about modern science, some asshole has to say, well, let's see what the Bible has to say about this. And it's like, oh, god, here we go. And like, I have nothing, I have a lot against the Bible. I shouldn't say that. Look, I think the Bible's fine. I think it's a great prequel to Lord of the Rings. Here's the problem. I just hate when religion messes with science, because it's never the other way around, right? Science never messes with religion. Nobody's ever been caught sneaking a microscope into church. Never hear a priest make a baptism. Like, I now baptize you in two parts hydrogen, one part oxygen. No, it's always the other way around. And I hate when religion messes with chicken restaurants. Y'all know exactly the one I'm talking about, because it's Saturday night and you got about an hour to get there. Chick-fil-A closes on Sundays, which makes no sense as a business, because it's not going to make any of us more religious. I know not the only idiot that has rolled up to a Chick-fil-A on a Sunday hung over. Like, oh, right. God, damn it. Nobody's going to Chick-fil-A on a Sunday. See that they're closed and be like, oh, well, I guess we'll go worship. I don't need waffle fries. I just need one wafer and some grape juice. That'll tighten me over. And Chick-fil-A is just closed on Sunday. That place looks like it hasn't been open in a hundred years. It's a horror movie. There's like tumbleweeds in the parking lot, window shot out, old guy in a rocking chair. We don't get many visitors, no more. And I'm not saying the Bible can't teach us some stuff about modern life. For instance, the very first Karen is in the Bible. Yeah. Very first book, Book of Genesis. You got Adam and you got Eve. And God said, okay, Adam, Eve, here's the deal. You can do whatever you want in paradise. There's just this one tree. I don't want you to touch. You're going to be a fool and Adam's like, God it. And Eve was like, I'd like to speak to a manager. I just feel like if you're going to make a law that covers women's bodies based on belief, it needs to be the belief that every woman subscribes to. So make abortion legal only when Mercury's in retrograde. I might have had one of my female friends write that joke. I don't know. I'm not believing that shit, but I did wait until it was out of retrograde to tape my special. So. Now, the real problem I have is the guys in the room. Many guys who are anti-abortion, I don't understand that. If you're a dude in this room and you're anti-abortion, you need to go to Disneyland. Because you'll be in there for what? Five seconds. Jesus, they're everywhere. I feel so bad for the families at Disneyland. There's two kinds of people that go to Disneyland. You have the families and then out here in California, we grow these weird Disney adults. And God bless them. I don't know where the money comes from, but it's going to mouse ears and turkey legs and they're having a damn good time. And they're just walking around enjoying Disneyland. And then you have the families and it's always the moms doing the hard work, right? It's always the moms. They've been training for this all season long. They have like nine fanny packs. This is a military operation. They're barking out orders of their kids, fast-passed churro, doughwhip, go, go. Where's dad? Dad's always trailing by 20 yards, pushing a stroller with nothing in it. There's no beer anywhere, really. And this is weird thing because every day at sundown, the families are trying to get out of Disneyland and that's when the Disney adults start coming in. And so you have this battle, the bastards, between the two. It's just an army of strollers versus a batallion of trust funds coming at them. And again, it's just like watching the families walk out of Disneyland. Here's what I propose. I think as you exit Disneyland, you should be able to take a left and go to parking or take a right and get a bisectomy, right then and there. Honey, you get the car. I got one more ride. I got to go on real quick. And make it part of the fun. You know what? Goofy perform it. Put a sign up, Mr. Toad, D'Arology. And you're getting the office. You're waiting. The seven door smart chin. Doc gives you the anesthesia. Here comes Goofy in a smock. A hook? You're done. Mickey's waving to you. Oh, we both talk like this. And it's Disneyland. So on your way out of the office, you get a picture of yourself getting a bisectomy. This is one of those weird corporations, though, that liberals and conservatives kind of hate at the same time. Over the same subject just for different reasons. Like last year, we got that Buzz Lightyear movie. And both sides hated it. Conservatives thought that Buzz Lightyear made every kid an American gay. Not sure where they based it on, but that's what the belief was. And liberals were like, where was Buzz Lightyear on January 6th? But you can't hate Disney. You can't. They own everything we've ever loved. Like for instance, for me, big Star Wars fan. We got Star Wars fans here. There we go. I love Star Wars. Favorite Star Wars character, sir. Who you got? It's Jar Jar Banks. Really? Hey, look, I am not going to hate on Jar Jar, but if that's your first round pick, how's your fantasy team doing this year? So if that's, he drafted the kicker in the first round. I'll give you a joke. So it's not Jar Jar. Who is it? Luke Skywalker. There you go. That's a born and bred hero. He's in my top five. I like Leia. I like Shoei. Who is my crochips? Um, but my favorite Star Wars character of all time, Yoda. We love me some Yoda. Not the baby. We all remember the last joke. Not the baby. I like OG Yoda. I like Yoda. And it's not because Yoda's wise. It's not because Yoda's powerful. I love Yoda because Yoda's 900 years old. 900. Yoda's a 900 year old man. Not one sexual assault allegation against him. Not one. He's been on the Jedi Council for 700 years. Never a secretary. Never a Christmas party. Never a road gig in Jacksonville. Legal she looked. Never happened once. You wait as a managing into Dan from Yoda in the middle of the night. Yoda says, up you? Yoda's on the straightener, a man he never got tag hash to me. All the jokes you're going to see tonight, that was the hardest fucking one to pull off. That would have mucked it. That's syntax. It's something special, man. And I am not a Jedi. I do know this about Star Wars. The fans are spoiled. Like you fans that are so spoiled. Because you have 12 movies. You have a new episode of ATV show every week and you still find flaws. You're like, I don't know. That speeder is bright pink, really? Is that what we're doing? Why don't you take the door in back to my era when I was a kid in the 90s when we had to read new Star Wars. Yeah. And we actually had to read it. Now you game of Thrones fans who claim to read the books. Game of Thrones fans. They love telling their friends they read the books. They buy the books, they put them on a night shelf, and then they listen to the books in audio form. You didn't read the books. You had them read to you, like an infant. My niece and my nephews, they're super into Harry Potter. They love Harry Potter. So much so that this past Halloween when the Ellis family went trigger treating together, we all had to go as Harry Potter characters. And guess who got to be the person of honor? Yeah. And niece, she asked me the day before Halloween. She's like, Uncle Mark, we talked about it. And in my head I'm like, shit, is this an intervention? And she's like, we want you to be Harry. And yeah, it was so cute. And I knew I was going to break her heart because I said yes, and I'll do everything I can to pull off Harry Potter. But she's seven. She's expecting the kid from the movies. She's not expecting middle aged burned out. He hasn't cast a spell in 30 years, Harry Potter. Still wearing his Gryffindor robe, it gets a high school varsity jacket. But Harry Potter, I'll give it credit, man. Adults love that too. And I think it kind of still works. Like there's some things that we all love to kids that just don't work when you're a grownup. He, man, great example. You would not find a better fan of He, man than I. I was the biggest He, man fan when I was five years old. Other things I enjoyed when I was five included eating my own bookers and having my mom wipe my ass because I don't know how to do it yet. But my buddy called me. He's 45 years old. He called me a couple of Easter. He's like, man, they're making a new He, man movie. How exciting is that? And I'm like, well, I'm an adult. So I just don't think it works, especially in modern times. The name He, man. It's a little pronoun specific, don't you think? Maybe call it He, maybe. A person? Sometimes characters just let you down though. Like the biggest let down for me was Batman. And I'm not talking about the movies, like all the movies are cool, but just actually knowing the character. This happens a little ways back. There was an animated show in the Batman universe about the character, Harley Quinn. And the writers put a joke in there about Batman. They said Batman was going down on Catwoman and Water Brothers nixed the joke. They said Batman doesn't do that. Yeah. Apparently Batman is the DJ colloid of superheroes. He doesn't go south of the border, okay? And it's like their official quote was, good guys don't do that. And if that's true, that means get the hand basket because I'm going to hell. I'm telling you, you ladies cheer and that's great, but it's really better for both parties, okay? Sex is fun, but that's where babies come from, so I'm nervous. And when you're having sex, sometimes you open your eyes at the same time. It's like, oh, hey, you're just, okay, I'll close first. There's just weird rules to sex. Like it's the most fun thing you could on earth yet. You're a creep if you smile during it. You know, just let me do my thing, you do your thing. Give me the canary, I'll go down below and then you ladies can focus on what you do well. You can work on the acting performance of your career. And I'm down there getting work done because going down doesn't, it's not like a talent thing, it's just a heart thing. It's just a pretty, gutty, every word you associate with white athletes. That's what going down is. You know, just try your best and just never give up. And that's why Batman's mopey all the time because he can't please a woman. Apparently, the world's greatest detective can't find the clitoris. So he's just at home with Alfred watching blue bloods night after night. Meanwhile, Joker's out there, Robin Banks having fun, eating ass, getting things done. You know, as you all let me talk more, you realize why I'm single. Which I'm not only do I love being single, I think all my married friends actually love that I am single because all the females that I'm friends with that are married, I'm their little experiment. You know, if they love trying to set me up with somebody and my dude friends, they adore me because I'll get a text like, hey man, what are you doing right now? And I'm like, well, it's 2.30, so I'm watching ESPN and then I'm going to go take a nap. And they're like, can I come over? Can I nap with you? Like every couple, sometimes you just need an outlet. I'm your wingman. Come on over. Yeah, remember what it used to be like because I don't know if it's going to happen for old Uncle Mark. I don't. And I don't really care about it because we all know that like person who they're in a serious relationship, they break up and then they're just not themselves until they meet somebody else. Like I have a friend, they broke up and then the next week they met somebody new, they're already saying I love you, they're playing a trip together, that's not my speed. Okay? I break up with somebody, I need to go to six, seven years to really think about what happens. You know, where she went wrong. I do like the dating event though. Like dating, it's an event for me. I get up for it, I get excited about it. First day with me, awesome. You have a great time on the first date. I have some funny stories. I'm charming. I can usually cover the bill. Second day, that's when it starts to go downhill. Second day, you're like, he really likes Van Halen. Third day, you're like, he fell asleep at the table. Can I leave? I don't know what to do. Yeah, and you know, I think it just doesn't make sense for me to settle down now when we're so close to interplanetary travel. Who knows when it could happen, but if you think when we can just go live on another planet, if you think I'm dragging some earthling up there with me, no man, I want to be like Star Trek. I want to live long, prosper and Captain Kirk some hot alien ass. That's the dream. My mom is thrilled that I don't have kids. So much so that I'm like a little offended. Because she'll say things to me that she will not say to her other two kids. My sister has one kid. Great. My brother's got two kids. Awesome. I got a dog and she's like, are you sure you're ready for that responsibility? The kids in general, they just like, I just feel like we're past the Golden Age with kids. You know, like the 1600s. That was... That was how you do it. The 1600s, you can have 10 kids. Two of them make it. Your father of the year. There was no pressure about modern society. There was no worry about school shootings or virtual reality. You had one rule back then. Don't talk to the person. Everybody had a farm. There's fun animals. Just that one, good boy. I had one, we think it's a witch. Don't talk to that one. The Quaker wrote, guys, said it, put a curse on us if you looked at it. So don't do that. Now, man, kids. I just don't find a lot of good reasons to have kids. I'm not sure. One of the ones that you used to hear is, oh, I need to propagate the species. There's eight billion of us on Earth. Earth was a fight club that Fire Marshall would shut it down. How the body is like, oh, I just kind of wanted to kick his acute. If you think kids are cute, you've only seen the first 10 minutes of grandma. The best though is one of my friends has four kids. He's like, I don't know, man. I just wanted something to give a legacy to me. He literally said, I just want something to outlive me. I'm like, dude, you wanted a turtle. All right, turtles are much cheaper. Kids will eat you out of house and home a turtle. One head of lettuce keeps it satisfied for like a decade. You want kids, but you're on a budget turtle. Yeah, it's a funny situation my family took is like, currently there's two single people left. There's me and my mom. And I do it okay, but my mom is out there. She travels the world. She meets interesting people. But sometimes it happens where you don't expect it. She started hanging out with a guy who lives up the street. And we've had that house for 30 years. He's been there for 30 years. We have both been in that neighborhood for so long. When I was a kid, I took his daughter to a couple high school dances. Yeah. And remember, boys, going to pick up your date, so nerve-wracking, because you're in your suit, your sweaty, you're wearing the doorbell. You know she's not answering. She's got to do her bell beauty in the beast, walk down the stairs. So it's the dad. He needs to open the door and he's like, you have her home by 1030 young man. I'm a kisser. So this past Thanksgiving I was home. And guess who came to pick my mom up? Yeah. Oh, I was waiting. It was 3.30 pm and I was just sitting in a rocking chair waiting. He rings a doorbell, I answer and he's like, hey Mark, I'm here to take your mom out. I'm like 1015 motherfucker. You have no idea how weird it is to call someone a motherfucker and have it maybe be accurate. She's seeing this other guy too who has Netflix. And I don't know what my mom does. I think they're just friends. But I don't know if they Netflix and chill or they paramount plus and snore. Whatever they do is fine. But she said he has Netflix. And when I tell you he has Netflix, I mean, he still has Netflix. Send DVDs to his mailbox. I shit you not. Did anybody know that was still an option on the table? They used to be the whole business model. Now it's just the one cubicle in the corner. It's like, well, we can't fire Todd. He's the boss's kid. Give him a bunch of those envelopes to play with. And I don't long for that era. I don't long for the era of getting DVDs in the mail. I miss the previous era when the whole family would pile in the car Friday night and you go to Blackbuster Video. That was a big night. Big, big night in the Ellis family. Because you drive out there and it was so exciting going to the video store with all this anticipation and you knew you were leaving with your fourth choice. Because we all have the same strategy. You go to the video store, you start new releases, you go A to Z and then everybody disfers this to their favorite section. My sister tried to run a horror movie. Oh, that's going to scare you a little brother. My dad went in action movie. Honey, it's rated R. Mark is trying to rent basic instincts again. That's not going to work. So then he is getting this debate and it ends 30 minutes later with, well, you know what fuck it? Just grab sister act again and we'll all watch that. We went to Blackbuster once. But it was like three towns over. So my town, Williamsburg, Virginia. We didn't have Blackbuster. We had the local video store, video update, which is actually better than Blackbuster because we had all the same sections they had. The video update also had the curtain. Yeah, the curtain, it was always way in the back and it was black with like glitter and weird stains all over it. That was the curtain that led to the adult film section. And you weren't allowed back in there if you were under 18. They had a mirrors or everybody could see who was in there and 12 year old Mark Ellis came up with a scheme. Yeah. So four person operation, me, my buddy is Jack, Brian and Doug. So Jack got a ride to my house. We rode bikes to Brian's and then we rode bikes to Doug's. Doug's dad was a Marine. So Doug took this shit seriously. He comes out of his house. He's 12 years old head to toe camo. He's like, hey man, I couldn't get the sword but I got a knife. We're like, what the fuck are you talking about? So here's what I came up with. My job was to distract the front court guy, right? You know the guy who's always judging you, he's got his picks. That he's sacred. It doesn't matter what you're renting, he's going to say it's not good enough. Like, oh, 2001, a space saw to see Kubrick's other space movie. Have you seen the moon landing? So my job is entertaining that guy. Brian, Jack, they were the lookout and then Doug was the most crucial part of the operation. Doug, GI Joe crawled back there. And he couldn't get back to the magical land of Oz, but he could reach his hand around the corner and he could pull a movie. Only problem was he couldn't see what movie he was pulling. So first time we tried, he pulled Edward Penis' hands. So now we got to watch the movie about a guy with five dicks on his hand, which ended up being one of my top 10 favorite film experiences of all time. Because we put it on at my house where we had all the good snacks and we're watching it. This is like two in the morning and my mom comes downstairs half awake just to get a glass of water. She walks through the living room like, oh, I love one owner, writer. Good night, guys. So then Doug pulled another one the next week. We got cocky and he pulled hot Asian and Asian six. Yeah. Do you know anything about that franchise? That's when it got good. That was their fast-fi. That's not the end of the mission. Now you have to go to another section and switch the tapes out with something we're allowed to rent. So he goes to the family section. First movie he sees, the adventures of Milo and Otis. Don't remember that movie. It's a dog and a cat and they go across the country together. It's a great journey. And the guy work and there are things we can't wait to get home to see this. And the next guy that tries to rent hot Asian invasion six, instead gets the adorable journey of a dog and a cat going across the country together. And it's just such a weird mind-fuck to think all those guys and I came up with that scheme with they have families. And me, I just moved out out to LA and I chased this dream and it's going okay now. But I mean there's a lot of misadventures you get into back in the day. And I used to work at the the world famous comedy store. I used to be an employee there and you do whatever they ask you to do. You park the cars, you clean up the puke, work the front desk. So I drank a lot. And I remember I got home one night and I was hammered and it was my little studio apartment, right? I've since added a whole bedroom to the empire. So whenever you get home and you're drunk, you're some level of one of three things. You're either tired, you're hungry or you're horny. And you don't know which one you are all the time. Sometimes you think you're one and it turns out no you were something else. So a couple of weeks prior to this, I had met a sex worker at a gentleman's establishment. If you're over 15 this room, I met a hooker at a strip club. And so I got her number and she's like, we should hang out sometime and I'm like, oh, we should hang out sometime. And so I get home from the comedy store. I'm hammered and I make two phone calls. And then I pass out. I called her and I called pizza hut. And then I fell asleep. So I woke up the next day. I had a bunch of miss calls and then I got two texts that morning. One was from her and it said, thanks for the pizza, asshole. And then the other one was from the pizza hut guy and it said, dude, anytime you need pizza, you give me a call. Nobody out pieces the hut by out pussy the hut that night. Yeah, but you get older in life and you think, oh, wait, there's more stages to this whole thing than we originally thought, right? Because when you're a kid, you think, oh, I'm going to grow up and meet somebody who don't get married, I'll have kids. That's the end. No, no, I'm here to tell you, if you're still single and you're my age, there's more to life. There's more phases than you were taught. I decided to knew one that I never knew existed. Nobody told me about this, but now I'm in the phase of my life. A lot of my married friends, they're getting divorced. My friends are coming back. If you love something, set it free. And you feel bad for the family or whatever, but you're also excited, right? I got my body back, sweet. But you got to be careful. That's not really your friend anymore, is it? No, it looks like your friend, but they've been through some shit, you can't understand. It's like you took your friend, as you knew them, bury them in pet cemetery, and now they're back. Like, hey, what's up, man? Hey, man, you got any of those PlayStation 5s left? I saw it. That's great. You got any? I do, since you really want to thank you all for coming out tonight. You guys have been a fantastic crowd. This was the exact scenario that me and every other comedian was envisioning when we were in lockdown. We couldn't perform in front of you all night after night. And you just think, when am I going to get to get back here? Because when the lockdown started, I actually was in Vegas, and I had to scramble to get a flight home. So when you're scramble to get a flight home, what era do you use? It's Southwest. Who the fuck said spirit? I need to go from Vegas to LA, and I don't want to go through Cairo to get there. Spirit isn't an airline. It's an escape room. No. You want to fly Southwest. So I flew Southwest. I have money. And I think my letter was like, gee, and I know they went that high. But I'm sitting on the plane in road 38, success. And I'll never forget as long as I live. Like 15 rows ahead of me, a guy sneezed. And for the first time in my life, nobody blessed him. Not one of the three nuns sitting right behind him, blessed him. And it was like a good sneeze, too. It was like that old man sneezed. Like they're really sick or they just found treasure. So he sneezed once, nobody blessed him. We all got silent. He sneezed again, and we murdered him. He's dead. And that story warms my heart for two reasons. One, I got to kill a guy. And two, a couple of months ago, I got to go back to Vegas for the first time since the Pont de Mique. And I got to work there. And it was awesome because Vegas was back and people were gambling. And the insurance for full nose was awesome. And I was reminded that there is a fantasy to doing stand-up that is not the reality. There's a difference. You have your fantasy of what you think the job is, and then the reality of what the gig actually is. So the fantasy of stand-up is that you're going to go on the road. And you're going to entertain audiences, and you're going to make a bunch of beautiful women laugh. And then one of them is going to come back to your hotel room with you, and you make love all night long. Hasn't happened yet. But I've only been doing this 17 years, so there's still time. The reality is you go on the road, you make a bunch of beautiful women laugh, and then you go back to your hotel room alone, and the sex is always happening right next door. I've heard a lot of people have sex. And it's fun now. But back when I was a young comic, it freaked me out. First time I heard it, I don't know how to react. Because when I was a kid, I never heard my parents have sex. I've been a wrestler a lot. Never heard them have sex. Occasionally you see dad take a leak in the middle of the night. Why is he wearing a cape? You know what? He's a wrestler. That's what I'm going with. So first I was on the road, and I had it. I was doing a gig somewhere in the Midwest, and the painting on my wall was vibrating. And what are you doing that situation? Do you call the front desk and complain? Do you ride it out? I was like, look, I'm going to give them 10 minutes, and then I came. So I'm like, oh boy. This has to go away to quickly. So then you just wait another 10 minutes and you bang on the wall. Hey, I'm ready to try again. Sorry about that. First time or. But now I'm a pro. I'm good. Best time I ever heard other people have sex. Which is a great way to start a conversation at a dinner party. Best time I ever heard other people have sex. San Diego Comic Con 2018. Oh, what a time it was. And it was so beautiful because it was nerds doing it. You know? And like the misconception about us nerds is that we don't have sex. That's not true. We don't have a lot. But when we do, you ever see a raccoon eat a filet mignon? It's not going to last long, but man, you'll remember that the rest of your life. So I'm in my hotel room. It's Saturday night. 3 a.m. I'm about to pass out. I hear the door next to me closed. And by this point of my career, I know the difference between like one person and like an excited couple. This was the latter. So these people get back to their room. And the first thing that turned me on that they might be doing something love making like. Was not the sounds of passion. First thing I heard. Music. I heard the faint strains of a classic John Williams theme song. These people got home from being at Comic Con all day. Eating hot dogs, reading comic books. And they said tonight's the night that we make love to Jurassic Park. Yeah. I got out of bed and opened a beer. I was like, this is going to be fun. I'm yelling lines from the movie. Hold on to your butts. Use a condom. Life finds a way. And I knew it was getting good. I knew one of them was about to have the moment because it was loud. The music was swelling on my nightstand. I had a glass of water and it started to ripple. And I tell you that story not to embarrass anybody. No, if you're in LA for the weekend, if you're going on a trip soon with your significant other, I want you to get in a hotel and have the loudest, most boisterous sex of your entire life. I just want you to realize we can hear you too. So make it fun for everyone. All right. Y'all have something that's going to make me laugh. Y'all see always works. Go board game with it. You sunk my battleship. I'm a nerds. Whenever I climb back, I say, Chewie, we're home. Make it competitive and you're winner. Ladies, don't do this thing you usually do, ladies. Don't do the O God. Okay? Oh God. Oh God. God can't hear you. I can't. Make it fun for me. Did you do your favorite fast food jingle right there? Bada-bada-bada! Go political. Epstein was murdered. Make it historical. Oh, right there. Right there. Sixth Semper, Tyranas! My name is Mark Ellis. Thank you guys so much. Thank you. Thank you. I'm a nerds. I'm a nerds. I'm a nerds. I'm a nerds. Currently there's two single people. It's me and my mom. Is that our color? That was so fucked up that you did that for my mom. It's like, yeah. I think my dad's up in heaven. Like, hey, don't talk about your mom being single like that son. Kill the lights. Get rid of the bed. You
How's everybody doing? What's happening? Doing a lot of traveling, man. Went home and see my mom, dad. Like hanging out with my mom. My mom is so cool. I made people mothers like this, be honest. My mother made us think that Jehovah Witness was a gang. We thought they had guns. They ring the doorbell. Get down, get down. Hey, my inner kitchen. Don't touch that door. Come here, come here. Mama, somebody on the porch. Just get down, get down. They peeking through the curtains. Yeah, I go back home, man. I like New Yorker. Eat a lot of food up here. Y'all got different food. I had some Chinese food on the day. That good food, because they have make anything for you. You got some shrimp, right? I was, yeah, I was y'all. Eggful y'all. Yeah, boy, yeah, yeah, yeah. Some bacon and cornbread. Yeah, man, we can make for you. We can make for you. We can make for you. We can make for you. We can make for you. How about some barbecue cornflakes, barbecue? Wait one moment. Yeah, we got barbecue cornflakes. They're making one, they got a swing. Come back there. We got cow. What's your size? I had some Indian food. You ever ate that Indian food? That's some spicy food. Blow your mouth. I had some Indian food. I had some Indian food. You ever ate that Indian food? That's some spicy food. Blow your mouth. That's some spicy food. Blow your butt hole out, David. It pulled. Woo! I caught some toilet paper on fire. That Indian. And then you can do in your butt burnin' and walk around that butt burn look. You did. You can't put a ice on the butt hole, you know? Yeah, starting the day again. Met a nice young lady. Don't you have to meet somebody too nice. You have to meet too nice. You know what I'm talkin' about. A lady. I mean, I open the door for somebody. But you know, we get to the place. I get out in the car. She's still sittin' in there. I'm thinkin' maybe the dough jam. You know, I had that problem sometimes. You got to reach out and open it. Yeah, she talkin' about, I want my man to open the dough so I can get out. Okay, just remember at the end of the night, I want my woman over the legs so I can get in. You know what I mean? You may love somebody who ain't may love in a long time like for you. That's that wild love, but they just, they untamed. They throw you out the bed. Yeah, that's been thrown out the bed. I don't mean like she said, get up and get out. I mean, uh-oh! Ah! Ah! Ah! Just throw your... What are you doin' your son out the bed? Get back in it! My bed, I was like, wow! I got me a piece of rope. I jumped on it, I was like... Ten seconds. She was like, ah! Ah! Ah! Wow! Them rappers make wild love, them rappers. Because you can tell, you, we make go crazy like, L, L, and stuff. I don't care, you ever, L, L be naked at the end of this song, don't you? L, L can start off with four over coats, three hats. Turtle neck, ski mask, gloves, mittens, two pairs of boots. About to end of the song, you know, alright? Alright! Alright! You know what they need? You ever see a gay rapper, that would be cool. Yeah, gay rapper, put your hands... I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! My name is Piss, but I'm not from France. I make my own clothes, but I came down. I'm a gay rapper! And I'm a gay DJ, my life! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper!
Yo, coming to the stage for My Home Town, because we all are at D-State, and we come in here to New York to do our thing, but I know you're going to enjoy this brother. So give it up for my man, Dave, Chappell. What up, you? Later I have in the fucking house. Boy, I just moved up here to New York, boy. You went out with so wild for me moving to New York, because I moved straight into the West Village. So y'all know that, y'all know the first day in my new neighborhood. I was just walking around laughing like a motherfucker. Hey, man, look. Look. They go some dead guys. Hey, look. They go some wood, they kissing. Hey, hey, hey. What the fuck, man? I had never seen so many gay people in my life. Started having nightmares, man. The same nightmare every night. I'm walking home late one night by myself. Nobody else is around. And all of a sudden this guy comes out of nowhere, and man, he puts a gun up to my head. You know what he does and what my money or anything like that. And he just says, click, click, click. Suck my dick. That's when I woke up every night. Oh! I told my boy about some man I'm having this dream. You know what he said? He said, yo, Dave. I would bite his shit off. I don't have the heart to bite somebody's penis off. You know, you be your man like, ah! Ah! I don't think about it. I'm not gonna lie. I know every guy would as soon as he'd come back. I'm gonna bite his dick off. I'm gonna bite his fucking dick off. Ah, click. I don't tell nobody, man, I... But I gotta learn. What the fuck? You know what, hype dance crowd, man. Hey, we ain't got a white guy in the house. What's up, man? Peace. I remember I went to a party with the white guy. He wasn't like, you know, he was like real vanilla ice in shit. Ain't no brother. Just be like, hey, what's up, nigga? Psh, psh. Oh, my nigga. Ha, ha, what's up, boy. And my wife and friend got all excited. She said, hey, what's up, nigga? What? The music stopped there and one looked at him. Man, he got his butt kicked that night. I mean, he got fucked up, you know. I hated to do it, but damn. He was talking about my people. I just got back from Los Angeles, California, man. That's all they were talking about was riding king this, riding king that. Them rides were fucked up, man. Let me tell you something. They looted a fucking donut shop. A donut shop, man. Why don't you do something like that? I got something in the VCR store just breaking shit. Just, psh, psh, psh. Whoo, psh, psh. Damn. You hungry? Just put some donut. We gotta remember, though, it is not all police officers that be beating people up. Just most of them. See, I understand how the police feel because I myself used to have the most dangerous job in Washington, D.C. I used to deliver pizzas for nominos. They would rob me every day, man. I come to them and say, hey, buddy, is it pizza? Great. Put it on a table. I had to get a gun, man. Like, how many nominos pizza, boys? Have you seen Carrie a fucking guy? I used to bust them. People's apartments just psh, psh, nominos, freeze. Put them in the floor, man. Get on the floor. Don't move. All right. Let me get out of here nice and slow, all right? I don't want any trouble. Why did you motherfuckers is gonna tip me? Yeah, peace, y'all. Good job, man.
Ladies and gentlemen, Bill Barr! Cheers and applause. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you for Christ's sake. Thank you. Thanks a lot. I'm running out of words to say. Thank you for Christ's sake. How's it going? Excellent. Was that a shitty mood today, man? I was watching TV. You haven't been in such a bad mood that even when you're watching bad shit happen into people, you're like, you know what? Good. You know, I'm glad your life sucks. Makes me feel better about my own. No, you know what I was doing? I was watching this fabulous life. I was watching the fabulous life of the Olsen twins, you know? They're like 18 years old. They're like zillionaires. They got a great apartment and it's making me feel like a loser. Then halfway through it, I find out one of them's anorexic. I was like, you know what? All right. That makes me feel better. You know, I'm glad she's not eating. I hope you pass out, whack your head off, you golden sink. Just to head to my day. You know what I don't get? I don't get how the other Olsen twins only weighs half a pound more but she's fucking fine. No, they're so starving that week. That's why whenever they take a picture of them, you have an ornithic, you gotta like fucking lean them up against each other. It's like they don't tip over them. They're like still trying to look sexy. They're not sexy. They look like aliens. They are, man. You can't weigh 42 pounds and have your eyeballs be 28 of that weight and not look like you're from out of space. Like when I look at them, I think if ET was gonna have a threesome, those are the two bitches he don't got with. He wanted to get that glowing finger going. Now I'm still like a loser, man. I'm fucking 36. I'm not married. I'm at that age where everybody knows getting married. Let me ask you a question. Why do people keep getting married? You know, isn't anybody looking at the stats? I mean, what's it like? One out of two marriages goes right down the shitter. People, if you were going skydiving and they told you have to parachute work and I open, you'd be like, yo, fuck that. I'm not going. Yeah. It's like, I don't like those odds. I got a 50% chance of splatting on the ground. I'm not doing it, right? But there's something about getting married. People just have to do it. They're just like, is this the line to lose half my shit? Awesome. This is gonna be great. I can't wait to lose my car, my money. Oh, look, the line's moving. One step closer to my own personal half. No, I don't think I could ever get married, man. Married dudes freak me out. Anytime you ask a married guy, what's it like being married? They always tell you it's good, but they always have a look on their face like they have like an appendicitis. You have another set? You're like, dude, what's it like being married? Like, you know, it's good. It's good. It's, uh. No, no, it's good. It's enjoyable. It's a lot of work, but I think when you meet that special stuff, there's a connection, and I can't feel my legs. Let me just just lean over here. You know, a woman completes a man and some other metaphor. Now, you know what freaks me out, too, really? When you own a man's house, there's nothing in there. A married guy's house. When you walk into this, nothing in there that even suggests a man even lives there. I'm not going to be married. I'm not going to be married. I'm not going to be married. You know, a married guy's house. When you walk into this, nothing in there that even suggests a man even lives there. It's all pulporee and throw pillows that stupid canopy we live in a dollhouse bullshit over the bed. Where does all the guys stuff go? They just throw it out. They just walk in your apartment. Oh my God, look at all your stuff. All your stuff is stupid. Look at all this stupid stuff. Wow, guys buy really stupid stuff. Hey, you want to go to the candle store? Let's go to the candle store. Wouldn't that be awesome? It's been dragged into that nightmare for like an hour and a half, 90 minutes just sitting there. This looks like a pumpkin. Isn't that like a pumpkin? This looks like a Christmas tree. Wouldn't that be great? It's not like Christmas in the apartment. Middle of summer, just fuck with your whole reality. You know what it is? I didn't have a really good model necessarily, like grown up. Like, watch my parents always used to argue and shit. Like, I was afraid of my dad when I was growing up. You know, can we have a dad like that? You're just afraid of him. You know, not like those sitcom dads that come home, the kids are like hugging their legs. My dad pulls in the drive, when you meet my brother's freak, like, fucking dad's home. Shut off the TV. Try to hide. Dude, if I stand like this, do I look like a lamp? He won't save me, right? Can I just fucking chill out here? He wasn't understanding. When you fucked up, he told you. You didn't sit down while we were gonna work it out. Well, just, you know, I still love you. You know, what the fuck is wrong with you? Jesus Christ, you're an idiot. Won't you even pay an attention? Now, bullshit. Christchurch, just like your mother, you're fucking out to lunch. That was my dad, no matter what. He was bitching about somehow, he would make it about my mother. Would have nothing to do with. Nothing to do with her. He could somehow find a connection and spin it back. He'd have said, I was it raining out. I'll fuck Christchurch, I don't need this shit. Christchurch is the same goddamn thing with your mother. That woman is a fucking cloud hanging over my life. Anytime you got an idea, twice she shits all over it. No, he was a lair. He used to work all the time, so you didn't really have any friends or anything. So he used to talk to me, and I was eight years old, like I was a fucking bartender. Just dumping all this shit on me. Like playing in the sandboxy, becoming a bater. And I don't know what the fuck I ever got married for. I'll tell you, man, I'm gonna get the fuck out. I swear to God, one of these days when I get in the car, I'm gonna fucking drive out of here. You're my little bitch, Billy. Do you realize that the woman is a fucking bitch? Is that too real for you guys? You fucking know what I'm talking about. I know. I will get married, you know. I was making that out, I'll definitely get married someday. You know, I love women and everything. I'm just fine, and I'm not like compatible with them. You know what I mean? If I just feel that, like women have like too much energy for me. You know what I mean? Like you can't have a day off when you have a girlfriend. You know what I'm saying? It's almost like they see that open day, they're like, oh my God, let's go fill it up with shit. No, let me just come at you with one horrible idea after another. Horrible ideas, like you want to make some sandwiches and go to the park? You want to go to the container store, get some containers for your t-shirts? This is the worst one. There we get this one. Want to go to brunch? You want to go to brunch on Sunday? And inside you're like, fucking no. You can't say that, right? You got to keep them happy. So what do you do? You agree? Like, yeah, let's go to brunch. What a great idea. Why would you want to sleep in on a Sunday when you can go pay $18 for eggs? Now you're thinking. Now you're thinking. Now we can sit around to listen to your friends have moronic conversations about the eggs. Like, is that Pesto? Is that Pesto in your omelette? Oh, it's the Sparicans. It's the Sparicans that got it with Pesto. Oh, you just want to slip the whole fucking table over. It's horrendous. I'm trying to learn to pick my battles when I date girls. I usually argue with women all the time, man. I'm stupid like that. Like, I dated this girl one time. She was like, really into like women's issues. So we always have the dumb ass argument. So one time she came up to me and she goes, OK, explain this to me. Why does a guy make more an hour to do the exact same job? I'll tell you why. Because in the unlikely event that we're both on a Titanic and it starts to sink, for some fucked up reason, you get to leave with the kids and I have to stay. And that's why I get to go to more and out. Well, think about it. If there's a house fire, it's always women and children first. I got to stand there with like the back of my shirt on fire going, let's go, people, let's go, let's go. So that's how I look at it. No, it's a dollar an hour search, charge. If some fucked up happens either I can't leave or I got to like get in the way of it to give you a head start, like, grab a dog, run honey, one Mississippi, two Mississippi. You hear a bump in the night, I got to go check it out, like, yes, he does have a knife. Anytime there's a hostage situation, who do they negotiate for first? Well, let the women and children go. What about me? Bullets hurt me too. What a fuck do I got to stay in the vault? No, that's my point, man. Where are all the feminists in those situations? You don't mean you can't find them. They have no feminists in a house fire. That's a guarantee. You could take the most hardcore feminists. Some chick right in your face, like, he's showing me a second of a bitch. Little short little haircut, the whole nine yards, right? Second, those flames break out. She's gonna twist those little hairs into pig tails. No, I'm just a girl. I want to go play chess. I want to go play chess, bro. And leave you standing in the burning house, like, you're not flammable. But I'm not addicted. I'm not saying I think a woman should make a doll less than an hour to do the same job. All I'm saying is if you're gonna make what I make when the boat sinks, you better be standing right there next to me. Listen to that guy play the cello. Then you get the corner office. I'm not addicted. I'm not addicted to the cello. Then you get the corner office. You get all the benefits or whatever. So anyways, I was watching George Bush today, man. That guy scares the shit out of me. Now, not because, like, all that political stuff, he's just, like, two and a Jesus for me. I get uncomfortable with that. When people get overly religious, it kind of freaks me out, you know? You know what I mean? Like, I don't mind. I don't mind when, like, glad people get real into Jesus. You know? Because, like, somehow I like to shit stay spiritual. You know, you get a couple of good songs out of it. You know what I mean? People look like they have in a good time. Somehow I went, like, white dudes get two into Jesus. All of a sudden, like, shit catches on fire. People start dying. Somebody says they're Jesus. And they try to fuck every chicken the compound. And the FBI's got the place surrounded. That tank comes in, shooting the flames out the front. And I'm not saying white dudes are anymore crazy than black dudes. It's just that nobody's watching us. That's the problem. That's too much freedom. It's kind of, like, living alone. You know, that same kind of fucked up freedom. If it feel when you live alone, you, like, slowly go crazy. You know, because you got too much freedom, because everybody does crazy shit. But when you live alone and start doing something crazy, there's nobody there to be like, dude, what the fuck are you doing? What is wrong with you? What is that? Put it down. My girl's actually, she's really, like, religious. She goes to church every week, and I never go, and it freaks her out. She's like, why don't you go to church? You don't believe in God, in heaven and hell, and all that stuff. Why don't you go? And it's not because I don't believe in a higher power. I definitely do. My thing is when I go to church, I can't get past the fact that I'm just listening to some fucking guy. You have anything in that shit when you go in there? That's just some dude. And people are like, no, that's a special guy. No, it isn't. It isn't. He didn't, like, levitate down from the ceiling, like, this white light around him. Why would you listen to another human being tell you where you're going to go when you're done? It's just like, dude, have you ever been dead? No, great. So wouldn't it be safe to assume that you wouldn't have the slightest fucking idea what you're talking about? Yeah, you're making it up. You're making the shit up. You're not fooling me with the robes and the candles. Speaking in old English. He said it under you, and shut the fuck up. You don't talk like that. You're just some guy. Your name's Jerry. You played soccer. You got your ass kicked in gym class. And how you doing this? Acting like you're special? I can't do it. I just, I can't get past that fact. I'm sitting in church. This guy's name's fucking Cliff. He's fucking bored. And just break the guy down. And then I can't listen. It's like, you're one that used to do another human being tell you what to eat and when to eat it. Don't eat meat this Friday. You eat meat this Friday. You walk on the ham. It's like, dude, I'm going to a cookout on Friday. If you eat that fucking cheeseburger, buddy, that is it for you. Well, what's this guy? Don't I'll eat a cheeseburger whenever I want to? And I'll jerk off. It's my dick. Why am I listening to this guy? I'll fucking jerk off while I eat a cheeseburger. What do you think about that? I'm not hurting anybody. Why would God care? I'm not hurting anybody. Think about it. You eat a cheeseburger that's protein. That's good for your muscles, right? And I don't know about you guys, but after I rub one out, I'm all relaxed. I'm less likely to lash out at my fellow man. I'm in a great space mentally. I don't have any road rage. I talk to telemarketers. I'm buying this shit. I think they just make it up. But it's weird, though, because I'm feeling the same, because I've been churchin' while I'm feeling like, I want to go back, but I need a new religion, man. That's why I'm between religions right now. I used to be Catholic, but I can't be Catholic anymore. Once they started fucking the kids, I was just like, all right, dude, you know what? I'm out. You guys party way too fucking hard from here. I got off at about 22 exits ago. I didn't see that page in the book. I don't know what you guys are doing. I can't believe they're still in business. People are still showing up. Name one of the business that could survive that shit. You think if they were fucking kids at Walmart, they could sell rakes the next day. You just try to play it off. Like, yeah, we hit a little prom in I-8, but you know, we got some slacks over here. We got kitchen appliances. We got some hula hoots. You guys saw the Pope died? You saw that, right? Yeah. Everyone's flipping out, man. I thought that was a good thing. I was like, happy for him, man. He was in horrible health. You know what I mean? Everybody just wanted the guy to keep hanging on. It's ridiculous. They're like wheeling him from room to room. And people are still flipping. Oh, God, I think he's kind of dying. I think he's kind of dying. So... So, I think he's going to die. I'm so... I think he's going to die. I think he's going to die. I think he's going to die. I think he's going to die. I think he's going to die. I'm so... It's like, well, I think he's going to go to heaven. I mean... It's got to be better than that shit. I bet the last too much of his life. He was just sitting in that chair going, God, I wish the world would stop praying for me. This fucking let me go. Good Lord. I ski to life with 78. I had a great life. Move on. So, they got a new Pope now. They picked another old white dude, you know? And they were actually in the running. Was this black dude from Nigeria, right? They were actually considering making him the Pope. And I was kind of hoping he was going to win, you know? Not because I give a fuck either way. I just wanted to see all the black comics doing bits like the next day, like, Oh, why people are scared now? Why people are scared now? Yeah, the Pope is black and shit. It's going to be a whole different story. He's going to come in with a hat to the side. Usually it's going to be pumping white people in the front row. Yeah, I don't know what the fuck's going up. Does when black people go to church, could you just feel it? That was like a half hour material went out the fucking window. The second they picked another white dude. It was endless. Paul Mobile is going to be pimped out. And you better not be shooting at this pope. A black pope will be shooting back at your hat. Because when white people get shot, etc. Actually, I have this black dude moved in my building man. Lives on the same floor as me. He's one of these dudes. Every time he's hilarious. Every time he says some shit, right after he's done saying the shit, he repeats like the most important part. I like the previous sentence. It's hilarious. Everything he said will be like, my man came in, he put that shit on the table. Put it on the table. It's hilarious. Everything he says. This country is a war son. Wow. I'm just looking at my friend like, dude, did you hear him the first time? Because I heard him the first time. I was smiling. I was nodding. My spook, my spook, and he's supposed to do that. I mean, what am I supposed to do? Actually, I got a couple of friends of African persuasion. And I got to get rid of him, man. I got to admit to you. I'm fine. I'm spending too much money on clothes hanging out with him. Because I got to like fucking try to keep up with their wardrobe. It's like every time they go out, they got all brand new shit on. All brand new shit. So when I show up with my white version of brand new, which is basically, I ironed the shit, right? I ironed it, right? It's still. They just start trashin' me. I can't keep up with them, man. They got like fucking 58 pairs of sneakers. I don't know what it's that shit, like every color fucking termalin. And I don't give a shit what fucked up color their shirt is. They got a pair of shoes to match it and a hat. It's like a rule or something. They're the worst. Even when you wear some new shit, there's like some sort of rule that they're going to have to like space out the amount of time within which like that you wear it. Because God forbid you wear the same shirt within a 10-day period. One of them's going to notice. The officer just looked at you funny. Like, this motherfucker's got the same shit. He had a last tooth. And then the whole car's like, oh shit. Everybody just started making fun of you fucking clothes. First they do the math. Like, what was that? Five days ago? Five days? This motherfucker got five feet. He got five shirts. They start breaking it down. Yo, it's first shirt. You're saying Monday. Next shit is saying Tuesday. Yo, the weekend. He ain't been wearing no shirts. I'll tell you this is actually funny. You know what? That's actually how I judge black guys now. When I first came to the city, like all black people scared me. I was like the typical white dudes from like the suburbs. I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, the typical white dudes from like the suburbs. You know what I mean? I had no frame of reference. You know? It's my only frame of reference with black people. It was like, those members early 90s gangster rap videos. It's all the fucking LA riots in their mouths. Fucking horrible PR. I watched in the videos. He's got nice cars, got all the women, and he's still fucking mad. These black dudes are never happy. But after 10 years of living in the city, this is how I narrowed down. Well, the black dude scares me. Now, black dudes with dirty sneakers scare the fucking shit out of me. No. I figured out my head because I know from hanging out with them. That's the last shit that they're going to let go, the immediate shit that they have on. So I think, you know, if the sneakers are fucked up, that means his life is fucked up. Every time he leaves his building, the whole neighborhood, oh, shit! Everyone starts making fun of him. He's on the train in a bad mood. I kind of have this howdy-duty, kind of mug me kind of face. I'm not saying something's going to happen. I'm just saying. I'm paying attention. So I've been seeing this girl recently. It's Black girl, right? She lives up in Harlem, you know? Gone out like three, four times. You know, first time we hung out, we hung out like the village area in New York, you know, which is sort of like a racially mixed area. So shit was cool, you know what I mean? Second time we hung out was more like Midtown, you know? Then the third time, she called me like three-thirty in the morning, and she wanted me to come up to her apartment, right? So it's three-thirty in the morning. She lives in Harlem. I look how I look, so it's a fucking situation. Yeah, because you know the deal, right? Basically a white dude feels comfortable up to about like 98th, 99th street. You know what I'm saying? The second the street starts getting into like triple digits, like 100th, 101st street, start getting like a little asthma, I'm like, what the fuck? It's starting to get a little high up here. You feel like a little tightness in your chest? Can you feel it? 106th street, you're like leaning on shit like, dude, where all the cabs go? How come there's no taxi's up here? Dude, what's the full day? I don't know what that is, let's get the fuck outta here. So I'm praying to God, she's gonna tell me to take the subway, get off at like 105th street, 130th street, you know, which is like the first stop in Harlem where I can still look over my shoulder and see like all the white people like disappearing over the horizon, you know. She goes, no man, you wanna get in the uptown 2-3 train, you wanna get off at 125th street, like, that's fucking 25th street. Jesus Christ, that's like right in the middle of everything. I'm gonna be surrounded on all four sides, I can't fucking do this. So, at this point, I'm really trying to hide like the bitchy tone that's starting to creep into my voice, you know. And I'm trying to ask for really specific directions for when I get up there because I wanna know exactly where I'm going. So she starts naming the streets I have to go down. And every other street up there is named like a black leader, you know. And she's like, make a left on Adam Clayton, take a right on Frederick Douglass and I'm like, God fuck outta Clayton. You know, Doug, go on the internet, look at Adam Clayton. Did he kill a bunch of white people during the slavery boat? Dude, I ain't going up there til I know what Adam Clayton is, fuck this shit. So at this point, I'm really having a battle with myself because I'm thinking I can't do this, right? I'm like, I can't do this, but my dick's gone, no come on man, we can do this, alright? Just relax, pull yourselves together and get on the goddamn train, right? So as always, I listen to my dick. Oh yeah, I get on the train, by the time I get up there, it's like five or four in the morning, right? I'm staying on like Malcolm X and like Danny Glover or some shit, right? I don't even know who had the hell of that. When I see the street I wanna go up, I wanna go up St. Nick, I can literally see her apartment building. But there's like five or six black dudes standing right on the corner, right where I wanna walk by. I'm like, fuck! I thought I was on like some reality show at that point, like some sort of like white guy survivor, he was ridiculous. So I'm thinking I gotta walk right by these guys, right? You know what's funny? I think that they were actually more surprised to see me than I was scared, you know? And I was really, really scared, you know? But I'm also really, really white, you know? Like shockingly Caucasian. You know what I mean? Like if you're not ready for me, I can like surprise you. Now especially if you live up there, you're probably seeing a white person for hours, possibly days. So when I show up it's almost like magical, like a leprechaun came out of nowhere, you know? I felt like I should have had like a little plot of gold, like a rainbow behind me, topping them on until you're lacking. It's kinda dance my way past them. But it's been going alright, you know? Once I get in her apartment, I'm fine, you know? I relax, sit down, you know? Watch your hip hop countdown. Pretend like I know the groups, you know what I mean? It's just getting there that's a fucking pain in the ass. But you know, I don't get mad at it because I figured you know, Black dude's gotta go through the same shit though, right? When you go out to the suburbs, go fuck a white girl. Right? Just that same awful feeling. I just leave in your people behind, you know, just less and less of you as you fucking driving out there. Probably start off lean and you all fucking cool. 20 minutes in your driving like 10 and 2 degrees up. I do not like this shit. I don't like this shit at all. There's too much grass, I don't see any rims. This is fucked up. None of the windows are tinted. I can clearly see white people in every car. This is fucked up. Listen, you guys were awesome. Thank you so much for coming out. Well, bless you. Thank you very much. All right, man, take care. Thank you.
From these long city from these central presents D-ray! You can start now You can stop, you can stop now, don't you feel? I'ma let y'all know something on front to say in a comedy show, this is a get together. So I want y'all to get comfortable. Don't feel like you had no everybody at home, sit down, relax. This is, I wanna apologize like I always do for not having jokes. This is my life. And it's messed up. Why the hell I gotta have a garbage can on my set? Why the black man gotta have a garbage can? So things to stop for black people. Certain jobs, black people don't trust black people with. Don't lie. If you at home tell you this is the D-Ray way, check it, I'm telling you. So things we do not trust black people with. Black valet. Hey, to see this right now, when I ain't giving them my keys, I'll pull up. He's standing on the cheers and there's your car. How long are you gonna be? Hell no. Hey Pedro, come here Pedro, come here. A black life guard. Hell no. Tell the truth. You go to the 10 beats and you see a black life guard. He's sitting there chilling, he got timidly his own. He can't even dive and save you right. He got a dive all sexy, I got him. Good job. Third things we just can't do. Like black men, certain things we can't do. Like being relationships. It's not for us, it's just not for, I do not want to be in a relationship. Women crazy man. Women are crazy. I don't know, women clap, you know you nuts. Look, they sitting next to a crazy woman out of you, you don't want to speak. I'm just the sand. Women don't like broke men. Hell, we don't like men broke. I think it's our choice to be broke. I live in Los Angeles, I hang with the richest people in America. And they treat me like hell. I hang with ball players, you have a hung with a basketball player. They make you feel like you ain't nothing. They call me, hey, let's call D-Ray. So you can make us laugh while we shopping. Now I'm at the mall following around telling jokes. They buying stuff, they not even looking at it. Give me that, give me that, ask me if I want something like a bitch. And you want some, mmm. Some jeans. I hope you don't think this means nothing. Women are hard on the broke man. Like the first day trick y'all do. Women got a first day trick they do. Whenever the bill comes, you ever had a woman do this? They reach in the purse and pretend they're looking for money. So they want you to say, no, okay. Hell no, I let that ass look. Did you find it? Because I'ma need that hat. I can't do it. I can't do it. I just don't want to, I can't do it. It's the D-Ray way, I just can't do it. It's my way of thinking, my life is who I am. Like gas, gas got to them high. So the broke man, we fall out. I can't be in relationship gas to them high. I can't come get you. It's too expensive not updating in the community. If I could walk to you, it's gonna last forever. Women put too much pressure on us, man. Like women, women control the clubs. The clubs are set up for rich men and women. And they set up for the broke brother. Like in eight two lines when you walk in, they're like, broke, rich. No, you just caught up in it. And women make you feel like dirt in the club. What is it about the club that make men just shriek? You ever try to grab women? How many women are tired of men reaching for them? Like they grab you. How many women are tired of getting grabbed in the club? Well, turn around when we call your ass thing. You see this? Hey, hey girl, hey, hey girl, hey, hey girl. See women have different ways of going out than men. Like a woman won't let her woman leave the, won't let none of her girlfriends leave the house and am messed up outfit. Hell no, they can't. They give it then. They see a girlfriend coming out and says, what's wrong, you don't want to go? You can just tell us you don't want to go. It's okay. But not men hell, no. We don't give it then. What off-friar got on? We want them to look bad. So we look better than him. He's like, how does it look? It looks good. He run down to the car. Watch what he got on, man. Got a socks pulled over his jeans. I'm not sure if he's going to be able to get it. He's like, how does it look good? He runs down to the car. Watch what he got on, man. Got a socks pulled over his jeans. It's all a weight, man. We treat stuff totally different. Like, men go to the club, women go to the club. Women go to the club to actually have a good time sometimes. Women go to the club is for them. Dance you have had the four women dance in the circle. They dance about a seven and a little circle. Why is it always a guy? I feel like that's his circle. We could walk. Hey. You know what I mean? Wait, no, me, have you. They go to have a good time. And if women are out and they have a girlfriend that single, they look out for that girlfriend. They say, girl, you know what? You don't have a man tonight. We're going to find you a nice guy. Not a boyfriend because the girl is like, I don't want a new man. I don't want a new man. I'm just trying to live. No, we understand. We're just going to find you. I got six sisters. Let me tell you, I heard all this. I just try. I don't want a boyfriend. I don't want a new man. No, no, no. We're going to find somebody who's just chill. Just comfortable, okay? It's real cool, okay? And they can, okay. All right. And if a guy walks past and they like that guy, the girlfriend's all agree. He's nice. One of the girlfriends will walk up to him and say, I'm going to go talk to him. No, no, don't do that. I'm going to go talk to him. I'm going to hook y'all up. I just want you out of me, okay? So she walks over to the guy. She talks to the guy. Now, if that guy comes on to that girlfriend and in the kind of way, the woman gets mad. Hey, how you doing? My girlfriend Shirley is so nice. And I just want you to come. What? Who me? Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. But it's not about me. My girlfriend, who? What? My look? I'm trying to tell you about somebody. No, what? My number? Look. You know what? You a ass. She don't need you anyway. You looking at me already? Girl, forget him. When I was young, I wanted to commit suicide. I did. I wanted to kill myself. My mother was on drugs since I was like eight. I was like, it got to be something better than this. So I tried to kill myself. It don't work, man. I'm still here. I tried, man. I tried to take a lot of pills. I tried to take a whole lot of pills, and Mr. Riner took 20 Flintstone vitamins. I was up for 17 days. I was up for 17 days. I was, what? When am I going to die? I tried to smother myself with a pillow that don't work, man. I couldn't breathe. That's what I wanted. I was like, what do you want to do? That's amazing. I'm fascinated by it sometimes. I'm like, you ever wanted to just die, just to see people? Just to talk to them. Just die to go and say, hey, I'm going to go back in a little while. This is cool. Nah, man. That's crazy. What if you could pick the day you died? What day would you pick? Never. The only thing you want to die? You're in the plane. You were playing the plane going out, you're like, God, not now what if God was like, didn't win? Yeah, I don't know Tuesday. I'm a die. Death is horrible, man. The main reason I don't want to die, because I don't want to put my family in charge of my funeral. I don't think they come to a good job. My family, chief, is there up from the streets of Chicago? I mean, they would put me in a damn car. I wouldn't have a cask of death having a damn refrigerator. They cheap, man. Plus, I want to plan my own funeral. I want to plan my own funeral, because that one, I want to make it live. I want my funeral to be off the hook. I want it to be like a party. I had flyers out live there, D-Ray. Ladies free before 11 a.m. I have a cracket. Had a bounce up there. People be on the list trying to get in. On the back of my old bitchy wary, it's going to be a different old bitchyware. On the back of my old bitchyware, I'm going to have pictures of all the women I slept with, saying goodbye right. You know what I mean? The old bitchy wary. Old bitches wary. Your bitchy will be on the back. I'm all way out. Another reason I don't want that too soon, is I don't really know when the caskets are boring. In the caskets you just land there, people could walk up, play with your lips, lift your eyes up, D-Ray. I don't know caskets. I want to mess people up in my funeral. I want you to walk in. I want to be propped up in my eyes open. That'll mess you up. You walk in my funeral, I'm like this. On the rotator point, that'll. Oh, man, that does amazing, man. Do you think animals think about death? Because I wanted to like in the street. I wanted to do. Do you think animals think about death like, man, today might be my last day getting walked? Because I know it's wrong, but I laugh at Roe Kill. I do. I laugh at Roe Kill. Because I think you don't see them other animals landing in the street. What make an animal look in the street and say, hey, that might be cool. And it's messed up. Because you see a dog laying there, you're like, oh, you see a cat landing like, oh, and I killed a cat before. I did. I was driving home from a comedy club in Chicago, and I was riding in my cousin. We were rapping in the car. You know what you're doing? Ain't nobody around. We rapping to each other. Yeah, yeah, I'm, yeah, yeah. We shooting a video in the rear of your mirror. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you do all y'all didn't shot a video at home by your damn self. So we were hiding and I, I had to fill a little bump. It's small. I was like, boom. And he said, hey, I think you hit that cat. And I said, I see a cat. We rode back around and shooting up. I had to hit the cat. And I felt bad. I was like, damn, because the cat was beautiful. I knew it belonged to somebody. So I pulled off like a crime scene. I was like, damn, I killed him. It was like, when those horror movies, I was like, I can't believe I did that. As I was driving, I started feeling tougher. Like I had did some, you know, did some gangster, you know what I'm saying? I was driving. I was like, shouldn't have been in the damn street. Can't? So now I'm out of the club, feeling like I'm tougher than I am. I'm at the club. I'm looking at me. I'm like, what you looking at? I killed cats. But the dumbest thing I ever seen, I seen a bird get hit by a car. As a bird, how do you get hit by a car? I started thinking. It was a black bird. She went off with some girlbirds. Hey, hey, hey, watch this dip, dawg. Watch this dip. Look. And I like, I don't know, man. My preference, I like dark-ass women. I like black-ass. I don't know if it's because I'm light-skinned. It's just the deray way. I love black-ass, dawg. I want a girl so dark, when I turn the light off, I don't know what the hell she ain't. She just run past and do freaky stuff to me. Pfft. Pfft. Pfft. No, your head dark-heat-sheet. Pfft. Man, women put you through too much stress, and women y'all know y'all do that. Stop stressing the man. Stop talking about absolutely nothing sometimes. I don't care. You could be mad at me. I'm cool. Women talk about nothing. I wish women could run out of words like cell phone minutes. Right in the middle of an argument. And another thing. Ah-ha. I'ma talk to you on nights and weekends. I get a woman. A woman, man, I mean, get him. But get him. Women get mad, quick, man. A lot of men don't know how to cheat. You know why your woman catch you cheating? Huh? You want to know? Because you don't do it the deray way. Your woman catch you cheating because there's a change in your trends. That's how your woman see. That's how your man needs to know. Your woman knows you. She knows you inside and out. So if you do anything different, see, this how your woman knows you. Like this. So you do anything to you. I see that. I see that. I see that. That's why when you start the relationship, mess her mind up. Start like this. That way she never know what you're going to do. See a lot of men don't know how to do that. You got to make your woman think you're crazy. If a woman thinks you're crazy, and I don't mean crazy, like domestic violence crazy, crazy, like something is wrong with you crazy. She would never question you because she don't think nobody want your crazy ass. Make a woman think you nuts. Wake up in the morning, just have your head between the mattress. She goes like, baby, what's wrong? Did they call? Did who called? Just walk out the room. Wait till the stars raining outside and go wash your car. Baby, what's wrong? Did they call? Before you know your woman go think you're so crazy, she don't want to get embarrassed. She'll be like, yeah, they called. Just come in. Just come in. They on the phone right now. You're saying you're crazy, ass-ing. You got to pin proof your house, man. Do it the D-Ray way. A lot of men come on, you get caught because you take a shower. You're woman like, oh, hell no. What you taking shower for? Nah, hell no, man. You need to learn how to D-Ray way your house. When you come in, take a shower. When you wake up in the morning, take a shower. You eat some cereal, take a shower. Play the video again, take a shower. Take out the garbage. I feel dirty, take a shower. That way, when you come in and fives and the one's like, why you taking a shower? Bitch, I always take shower. Ladies, I'm a bond with you on this. It's sometimes our fault that we don't know how to come home right. You know why? Because we don't pin proof our house. You have to pin proof it. Make it comfortable for you to come home. See, when you leave, never give yourself a curfew. Men, we have a bad habit of doing that. Your woman acts like sneaky little nice way. So when you're going to be back, don't fall for that. Tell her like a movie. Just coming soon, leave out. LAUGHTER Because you tell a woman the time. You tell a woman the time you come home? Women lock you to that time. Am I telling the truth, ladies? Because you feel like, right? He said it, right? You asked him. You say, what time you going to be home? And men say, uh, about two. So now, two is in their minds. Two hits all the walls of the house. Two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two. Now you come home late. Now you messed up. You coming in the house late. Any man who has a sneak in their own damn house? You pull up to your house, you looking damn. LAUGHTER It ain't that we're scared of you. We just don't want to hear your damn mouth. LAUGHTER And nobody here want to break up. Nobody. I don't want to break up. I can't do it. Because breaking up, you wonder why you get stalked women? Huh? Because you try to leave our ass. And we don't know what to do. Now we lost. We're going to go. That's why you get stalked. We're not stalking you to find out what you're doing. We stalk you to ask you, where should I be right now? LAUGHTER Don't stop me. He's following me. Don't stop me. Don't, don't, don't. Another reason we stalk your ass, and this ain't part. This is my, I just need to get this out. The reason we stalk you, because you leave us and you get with another man, and you do everything the first week for him. You should've defied ass the last f***ed damn six months. She get with a new man she doing everything, having sex, every kind of cooking at the same time. LAUGHTER I hate that. She get with a new brother doing everything for him. That's why I pull a trick on. I derail well. I wait three weeks just in new relationship. I just pull off a mask. Yeah, I'm the new dude too. You been with me the whole time. Because I don't, I just don't, I'm telling you. I have a problem with breaking up, because I don't want, I have a nightmares of going out and having old game. Y'all know what I'm talking about? Like the wife, you're like, what, what is game? I mean, game like, go out and have the same lines I had from when I first met her. So all the young cats that came in with the new game and now I'm out saying old stuff. Hey, how you doing, Miss Lady? Miss Lady, baby girl, baby, talk to each other. Got my, I don't want to be that dude. I know a lot of y'all like, what the hell is he talking about? The D-Ray way? Yeah, it might not be the right way. But hell, try it. You got to do it the D-Ray way. Peele proof your house, man. A lot of men don't know like, and this is, I'm gonna give you guys this lesson. When you, if you do want to come home late, go to an acting class because women are tired of your lives. Women have seen the same lives. How many women is sick of the lives? Sick of your man coming home. He always had to drop somebody off or do something else. That's why he's laid or he got an argument. And he was in the club and the bounces wouldn't let him leave. You got to make your woman feel bad. You got to pin proof your house. Make your woman feel bad that you come in late. Make her feel messed up. I come in late. I know she's standing there, man. I come in, man. I come in slam the door. She's like, where have you? I can't believe they tried to shoot at me and walk away. Who tried to shoot at you? Who tried to kill my baby? I don't know. But I'm gonna go out every night this week until I find it. Do it the D-Ray way. And the last thing I'm gonna tell women, if you have a good man, if you believe in your heart, you have a good man. And a good man does not mean that he doesn't see other women. A good man means he comes home. Because some men don't. Stay out of his things. Women love to search through men's things. It's none of your business. You search for things. You hurt yourselves. Why? Don't search and hurt yourself. You looking for stuff. Like women love to read your text messages. Stay the hell out of a man's text message. And men sometimes it's your fault too, because you didn't do it the D-Ray way. You didn't pin proof your house. Before you go to sleep, this is what I do. I send myself a text. That way when she opened it, it's me. Close my damn phone. Before I wake up, and we are D-Ray, peace out. Cheers to the stage. The power of gold. The power of gold is good. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers.
Ladies and gentlemen, Joe Liss. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Thank you. Thank you. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Wow. Wow. Thank you. That was way too much. I feel like... I feel like everyone's aware that that was too much. There was definitely a moment where collectively, everyone was like, I think we're overdoing it. A little bit... I appreciate it. That was nice. Some of you I felt like that was more about you than it was me, to be honest. I felt like a couple of you were like, I'm going to be the guy. I'm going to... They're going to hear me. At least four of you are like, I can't wait to watch this, because I'm going to point out my voice going, hey! That's fair. Good to be here. In New York, I said it like I'm visiting. I live here. It's nice to live here. I travel all the time every week. I hate flying. I get very anxious when I fly. I'm not afraid of a crash. I'm afraid of a conversation. That's what I hate about flying. I was on a plane the other day. The guy next to me was like, what do you do? And I was like, I mind my own business on airplanes. That's something. First of all, you're sitting too close together to have a conversation. The guy's trying to make eye contact. We're just staring at each other from this distance. I'm like, I can kiss you without using a neck muscle. That's how close you are. I was on a plane the other day. The guy next to me was eating a lollipop. Don't you think that's an inappropriate airplane food? A lollipop? It's too noisy. He's like, pfft. I was like, sir, you're turning me on. Could you relax a little bit? They don't even sell lollipops at the airport. That's a from-home lollipop. That guy got a lollipop. He's like, I'm gonna hold onto this until I fly. I want to make sure I have that three inches from somebody's ear. I don't even know where you get a lollipop, by the way. Outside of a bank and a doctor's office, they don't sell them, do they? If you give me $10 right now and you were like, go get me a lollipop. I would come back a week from now with my shirt torn and be like, I couldn't do it. I hate everybody on every plane. We all hate each other, though. That's not exclusive to me. We all hate each other. You know we're gonna hate each other on the airplane? Because as you're boarding the airplane, everyone just stares at you, dead in the face, angrily, the whole flight just... That's the only time it's a society. We're not looking at our phone. Everyone's like, let's put our phones away and look upset at everybody else on this airplane. I hate it, but I do it too. I'm just as guilty. As soon as I sit down, I'm like, look at this fucking idiot getting on the plane. What? Back there. It doesn't matter where you are on the plane. You feel better than everybody behind you, don't you? You could be in the second to last row. There's one guy behind you. You're like, what a fucking idiot back there. Barsing, loser. Last row. I was on a plane the other day. I hated the guy behind me. He kept yawning, out loud, the whole flight. Am I a psycho or is that annoying? The whole flight is like, mmm. For like five hours. Mmm. I wanted him to die. I swear to God. I was like, I hope this guy passes away on the flight. First of all, you don't need to make a noise when you're young. That's a decision. He's deciding to do that. It's like if you were hungry on a plane, you were like, I'm hungry! Yeah, yeah, I'm hungry. I like life people know when I'm hungry. I think it's important for people to know that people you're on on love. They want attention. That's why they're doing it. They want you to be like, oh my god, are you tired? They're like, I am. Here's my entire life story. I thought it came to be tired. Don't fall for it. It's a trap. Plus, isn't it fun to not ask somebody a question when they really want you to ask them a question? You ever do that when someone was like, I had a wild night last night and then you're like, neat. And then you just walk away. That's like one of my favorite things to do. Just tell me your shitty story. Don't make me ask for it. I flew recently out at the airport, La Guadilla Airport here in New York. That's my home airport. I was walking through the terminal. They were playing Welcome to the Jungle by Guns and Roses at the airport. That's a weird airport song. I'm a rock and roll guy. I love Guns and Roses. I'm cool. I walk through the terminal. I just hear, get it down. Get it down. Oh, like, can we cool it down a little bit? It's 7.30 a.m. I'm eating a muffin and looking for an outlet. I don't think we need to rock this hard. Also, it's a little unnerving to be boarding a flight and here, you're going to die! Like, shit, am I? Does they play knocking on heaven's door next? They're never flying again. I do fly every week, though. Pretty much literally every week. I got upgraded a lot. That's the nice thing about flying all the time. I got upgraded recently. My wife and I, both of us, like we have two tickets in first class, but they're not together. We'd have to separate you. Is that okay? And I was like, 100%. I feel like that one hurt your feelings. I love my wife. I'm joking. I love my wife. You're going to take first class. You can get it. They can be like, we have two tickets in first class. You have to get divorced to have them. I would be like, maybe we had a great run. I love it. Come on. Let's get comfy. It was cross-country first class, though. That's the real deal, shit. That's where your seat turns into a bed. It is weird to get separated from your wife on one of those. Because they put me with like a random fat guy. I don't know, make a fun of her being fat. Because some of you are fat. But he was so fat. He was coming into my seat. Like, we were flush shoulder to shoulder. And then we slowly ease back into bed together. And then we chose the same movie. And I was like, this is the most romantic day I've ever been on. I'm like, if this guy makes a move, I'll bang him right here. I don't give a shit. We got blankets, turbulence. When Harry met Sally's on, it's nice, you know? At one point on the flight, I got up. I looked over my wife had her own guy that she was in bed with. And then he was like the hottest guy on the plane. And that pissed me off. Because I was like, I want that guy. Switch guys. You take this piece of shit. I want the hot guy. I paid for these tickets. I like watching movies on the plane. We all do that, right? I like Delta. I fly Delta. Delta is the best airline. They have the best movies on Delta. I don't know who they are. They're the best movies on Delta. I'm not sure if they're the best movies on Delta. I don't know who categorizes the movies that Delta. I don't think they're doing a great job. I was on a flight the other day. I went to the classic section and the hangover part two. It was under classics. I swear to God, it was Tequila Mockingbird. It's a wonderful life. And the hangover part two. Classic. I remember the first time I saw the hangover part two. My grandfather showed it to me. It was on Turner Classic Movies. And we watched it on his black and white TV. Really fond of it. That wasn't the most egregious stuff. The most ridiculous one. I went to this is true. You can check my Instagram account. I went to documentary and the movie, A Quiet Place, was under documentaries. I don't know if you remember that movie. That was a summer blockbuster horror movie where monsters kill you if you make a sound. Somebody at Delta watched that movie was like, this is an amazing documentary. Holy shit. How did I not read about this in the papers? I'm glad somebody documented this. I'll say what I need to do to the low. I'll apply a lot of you guys to do this. I like to download a movie. Bring a laptop on the flight. Download a movie. Then you can just choose any movie you want. But you can use some discretion. Because ever around, you can see the movie you're watching. So you don't want to get too weird with it. What time I brought the movie? Casino. You guys all remember that movie. Great movie. From the 90s, Scorsese. Very violent. If you haven't seen the movie, at one point in the movie, a guy has his head crushed in a vice and his eyeball pops out. I looked over. There was a seven-year-old child staring at my laptop. He looked horrified. I felt so bad. I was like, you know what? Take an earbud. It'd be better with sound. If you could hear it. Then he started crying. I was like, are you ratting me out right now? I'll crush your little head in this laptop computer if I have to. I was on a plane one time. The lady next to me, she was watching 50 Shades of Grey on her laptop. Did you guys say that movie? Great documentary. It's a classic and a documentary, really. Very sexual film. I thought she was watching porn at first. I was like, good for you, lady. Get after it. Enjoy yourself. The flight attendant came by. She's like, would you like more pretzels? I was like, more napkins. If you don't mind. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. Well, I'm back. Okay. I'll be back. I'll be back. We got to work on this. Beautiful night. We've got to work on our mind. We don't mind. I'll be back. I wasn't expecting to see tits on the plane. I kind of caught me off-guard. We were landing. Could you put your tray table up? I'm like, I'd rather not write this moment. Emma. I can't sleep on the plane. Even with first class, I can't sleep on an airplane. I don't know about you guys. My friend's like, why can't you sleep on an airplane? He actually, I'm crazy. He's like, why don't you just go to sleep? I'm like, I can't. And he's like, why? I'm like, is that hard to understand? That's not a normal sleeping situation. That's why. Like, if you went home tonight and you went to bed and there was a jet engine idling outside of your bedroom window, don't you think you might be like, I'm gonna have trouble sleeping tonight? Because of the jet engine outside of my bedroom window. And then also, some are replaced your bed with a chair. And there was 71 strangers in your bedroom with you. And then someone woke you up in the middle of the night to offer you a Coke. That's what they do on an airplane. He's like, I know you're trying to sleep, but do you want a Coke right now? I'm like, yeah, yeah, give me a Coke. I like to break up my sleep with a can of Coke. That's how I sleep at home. I sleep for four hours. I wake up, I drink a can of Coke. Kind of spice up my dreams a little bit. Sometimes I boil Coke right before bed. A little sleepy time Pepsi. I love Coke. I had a quick Coke. I quit Coke. I still do blow, obviously. You've got to live your life, you know. Coke is bad for you. I just drink it all the time. People would always tell me it's bad. People love to do that. My friend, people would always say, Coke could take the paint off your car. What does that tell you? I'm like, it tells me not to put it on my car. That's what I... I'm not putting it on my car. I'm putting it in my body. And I don't have any paint in my body. If I did have paint in my body, I would want to get rid of it. So if you think about it that way, Coke's actually a pretty healthy beverage. You don't want paint in your body. If your kid actually swallows some paint, give him a can of Coke. Send him back out there. He'll be fine. It's very healthy. My buddy tried to help me sleep on the plane. He's like, you know, I borrow my sleep mask for your flight? I'm like, I don't. First of all, I don't need a sleep mask. I have a built-in sleep mask called eyelids. My eyelids block out the light for me. Also, it's not the lighting. It's the farts and the announcements. It's what I'm having a hard time with. You don't need a mask to sleep. Those words don't even go together. Sleep mask. That's like a masturbation helmet. It doesn't. They don't go together. Honey, have you seen my masturbation helmet and my bowel movement knee pads? They were with my sleep mask earlier. Now I can't find any of them. I've trouble sleeping at home, too, because I have anxiety. My same friend, he tried to help me with that. He goes, the key to falling asleep, he goes, you want to keep your body temperature cool. That's OK, that makes sense. And he said, one way to do that, you can wear socks and gloves to bed. It'll draw heat to those areas and cool the rest of your body. That's like nice. I might try that. Or I might flick on the air conditioning. That might be another thing. I'll either wear socks and gloves to bed, like I escaped from an asylum. But perhaps I'll turn on the ceiling fan. I might even stick my leg out from underneath the blankets. That's another way people have been cooling down for several centuries. Good advice, though. I might do that in the summer. Some are time, you know. I'll go down to the beach on a hot day and wear a couple of oven mitts and some tube socks. Kind of cool down my torso. You know how a lot of times people wear gloves to keep their nipples cool. Good advice. I tried to get healthy. I quit drinking a long time ago, a few years ago, you know. Sometimes, oh, thank you. I don't know if there's a boo. That's usually a sign that you're an alcoholic, by the way. If you hear someone, I'd be like, I quit drinking. It's always like, boo. I was getting too wild. Sometimes you get too wild when you're drinking, you know. Sometimes I think there's like placebo effect to drinking a little bit. Do you see like a person they're acting like an asshole? They're like, it's the whiskey talking. And then you're like, that's a spear and a feist. And it's your first one. So I feel like it's your personality talking, actually. I think there's some placebo effect to alcohol. Because I haven't had a drink in years, but I had a cold recently. So I went to a health food store and I got a shot of wheat grass. I don't even know what wheat grass is. But they put it in a shot glass and I fired it back and I was like, who wants to see my dick? I kicked over a table. I was like, sorry, that was muscle memory. I haven't drank anything. One and a half ounces at a time in a while. I got fired up. I apologize. Give me some vitamins. I want to store them up. But it's hard to be healthy. It's hard for everyone. I'm like on the road all the time of traveling. So it's like, sometimes I eat McDonald's because the only thing open and also because it's my favorite restaurant. So I was at McDonald's the other day. I was dining in. It's funny, right? That's the term they use. You order your food like, will you be dining in? I'm like, I'll be eating over there. I feel like dining feels a little dramatic. I'm going to chew my food in the corner as fast as I possibly can in the hopes that nobody sees me. I'm not going to cut my burger in half and put a cloth knack into my shirt and light a candle. But I was. I was dining in. And the phone rang while I was at McDonald's. That blew my mind. You guys don't even seem weird enough about that. Not my phone. Their phone. Somebody called McDonald's on the telephone. A human being was at their house and was like, you know, we need to call McDonald's. Let me get them on the phone. I didn't even know they had a phone. The employees didn't know. They were like, what the hell is that sound? We have a phone. What? Who calls McDonald's? I'm like, what are you making reservations? That must have been the breathiest phone call of all time. Just, oh, are there new toys in yet? I asked the lady. I was like, what was that phone call about? She was like, it was somebody complaining about the food. That blew my mind even more. I didn't know we could complain about McDonald's. It's shit food. You bought. That's a gamble. I can go to McDonald's. My burger could be bleeding. I'd be like, that's hilarious. You guys are crazy. Let's get out of here. Not to complain to a McDonald's employee. Excuse me, my meal wasn't great. Yeah, my fucking life isn't great. Are you shitting me? Go to a real restaurant, asshole. I don't care. You can complain to McDonald's, I think. If they get your meal wrong, that's like one thing. You get your meal in the right way, you know. But even that's not great. You could be like, excuse me, you put pickles on this? I don't really like pickles. And what they do for you, they'll take the pickles off and they eat them while making eye contact with you. And they slide your burger back to you. I had a complaint recently in McDonald's, but I didn't complain because I'm a good American. God damn it. This is my complaint. I went to McDonald's and I ordered my meal. My meal came to $9.89, and I paid with a $10 bill. My change is 11 cents, and the woman went, do you need your 11 cents or no? I thought that was weird. Once again, none of you were affected by this. I thought that was strange. I was like, well, I would like it. That belongs to me. So typically, you would just give that to me at this point in the transaction, but she was like, right. But do you need it? And I was like, I don't need it. No, I guess not. And then she was like, great, thank you. She took it out of the drawer, put it in her pocket, and just walked away. And I was like, what the fuck just happened to me? I just got robbed with my permission. That was very strange. It was like a Jedi McMindtric. It was like, you're going to need your 11 cents. I'm like, I guess I don't. Take it. I ate a lot of fast food. I ate Chipotle a lot. That's like my go-to. Thank you. Chipotle, I live here in New York. Now, when you go to fast food restaurants in New York City, they have like a secret code on the bathroom door. Because like, if you don't have a secret code in New York, people will move into your bathroom. They're like, this is our apartment now. But I don't know if you know this. When you go to the middle of the country, people that want to live in the Chipotle bathroom. So there's no code on the bathroom door, which is confusing to us New Yorkers. I was in like rural Illinois recently, and I went to a Chipotle, and I watched it for the counter. And I was like, hey, what is the bathroom code? And the guy had no idea what I was talking about. He was like, number one, urine, number two, shit. Is that the code you're asking me for? I was like, no, I know that code, of course. That's the most popular bathroom code, of course. Number one, P, number two, poo. We all know that. That's international. That's all over the world. There should be a statue or a plaque to whoever came up with the number one, number two, system. I googled it for like three straight days. I couldn't get to the bottom of who came up with it. I think this though. I think it was a woman. I think a woman came up with it because I think women like to let you know when they have to go number two, but they don't want to say anything, because it's not socially acceptable. Like my wife, she lets me know when she has to go number two. She telegraphs it slightly. This is what she does. She scrunches up her body, and then she whispers. She goes, I have to go the bathroom. And I'm like, did you date a guy that hit you when you shit? Why do you look afraid of me right now? Baby, I love you. Get in there. Let it rip. Am I putting on an anti-bombo movement vibe? I'm pro shitting. We can make out why you're doing it. I like it. I'm not into shitting, but you got to get it out there. I'm cool with the bathroom. I have no bathroom issue. I have one bathroom issue. But this is only, I think only men deal with this. At some point, men reach an age where at some point they start taking their penis out several feet before they arrive at a urinal or stall. I don't like that. I don't know when that starts happening. Every once in a while, I'm in a public restaurant. You just see a guy like, I'm going to take a piss. I'm like, dude, you got to leave earlier or get less complicated pants. Something's going wrong. It's not like taking your keys out before you get to your car. It's a freds of it. I think that's just men, by the way. I don't go to ladies room. But I don't picture women like heads up, Barbara. I have too many coffees. Whoa. Sue. Great lady. I've got it. Anyways, I'm trying to eat healthier. It's hard. I tried to go vegetarian for like a week. I was like, let me go one week, detox vegetarian. I didn't, I tried. I didn't do great. I went five days. I ate spaghetti-os, M&M's, and fruit loaps exclusively for five straight days. And I was like, I feel like shit. My teeth hurt. It's diet sucked. I broke the diet by accident. Day six, I ordered spaghetti and meatballs at a restaurant. I swear to God, this is true. I'm an idiot. I was halfway through before I was like, you know what? I think there might be meat in meatballs. I'm going to, let me just double check on this. I was like, why didn't you guys not put meat in your meatballs? You do. There are balls of meat. Okay, that's correct. Thank you. Did me fruit loaps my any chance? I want to... I want to be healthy. I feel like I'm relatively healthy. I went to the doctor recently. I can afford to go to the doctor now. I still don't have health insurance, but I can afford a visit. This is where I'm at financially. I'm not rich, but here's where I'm at. I had a big milestone recently. This is my point in life. If I pay for something with a debit card and it doesn't go through, I say, run it again. That's like a big moment in your life. Most of my life is like, that didn't go through. That makes perfect sense. I'll get the hell out of here. I apologize. I hate myself. I'm going to move back over to my parents. Don't call the cops. But now I'm like, no way. That's on you. I got 300 bones in there. I went to the doctor. It's nice to go to the doctor. I went to the ear doctor. Most people don't go to the ear doctor. In fact, so few people go to the ear doctor, they had to combine forces with the nose and throat doctor. That's one doctor. Ear nose throat. That's the only doctor that combines body parts. There's no doctor. It's like, I'll put pussy forehead. Those are my three areas. Oh, man. It's like, yeah, those are my three favorites. So I just studied those. And now I'm, you know, nice. That's awesome. So I went to the ear nose throat doctor, which is a cool doctor. It's one doctor. He knows all three body parts. I was hoping it was three doctors saving money by sharing a small office. He's like, I'm Bill. This is Susan and Ted. Ear nose throat. Who do you need? I went from my ear. I have an ear issue called Tinnitus or Tinnitus. That's when your ear is ring. You got it? Yeah. It's frustrating. When your ear is ring or buzz all the time. I don't know how you say it. I thought it was called Tinnitus. But then I watched a YouTube video and the doctor on the video, he kept saying Tinnitus. And so then I was like, oh, I guess it's pronounced Tinnitus. But I went to the comment section and the first comment said, this guy's a fake ass fucking retard doctor. It's pronounced Tannitus. All caps. I thought it was like, shit. Now I don't know how to say this word. This gentleman's a doctor. He seems very smart. This fella seems less smart, but extremely adamant about the pronunciation of this word. Tomato tomato. However you say it, if you haven't, don't go to the doctor. They don't do shit. I went to the doctor. I was like, doc, I have a Tinnitus or Tinnitus, whatever you guys are calling it. My ears are ringing. And then he said, okay, I'm going to test your hearing. And I was like, oh, no, that's okay. My hearing is great. I hear everything plus ringing. So I kind of have super power hearing. If you think about it, I'm hearing, so that's not even in the room. He gave me the hearing test. I passed it, nailed it. Great hearing. Then he said, I'm going to look in your ears to make sure it's nothing obvious. I thought that was kind of hilarious, because he didn't explain what obvious would be. Like, he's going to look in my ear and be like, oh, there's a tiny alarm clock in your ear canal. That's a very rare condition. I'm going to reach in there, hit the snooze for you. It'll be fine for like nine minutes, but he looked in my ear. It was nothing obvious. So then he was out of things. He's like, well, you're hearing is great, and there's nothing obvious causing the problem. Then he said this, he goes, you have an over-bite. You might have something to do with your over-bite. That was it. No science, no confidence. He just picked out a thing I'm physically self-conscious about. I was like, maybe that? Could be your small dick also. I don't know. You know, there were a lot of problems. You were very unattractive. I was like, who's this? I'm fair. I felt insulted. I always feel insulted in the doctor. Don't you feel so vulnerable at the doctor? Everything he says. He tried to explain to me. He's like, you have tiny little hairs in your ear. And I was like, you have big hairs in your nose. Asshole. What do you leave me alone? You bully? He said, he was like, I recommend getting a white noise machine. And I was like, you're a white noise machine. I was like, what does a white noise machine do? He goes, well, that way you're hearing the white noise instead of the sound that you're hearing. And I was like, right, the sound of hearing is white noise. I have a white noise machine in my head. That's the issue. You're telling me to get surround sound of the problem of telling you I have. I feel like if you had a bad smell in your nose and you went to the doctor and he was like, put a little dog shit on your lip. Just every morning, scoop a little dog shit on your upper lip. That's what I would do. That way you're smelling dog shit. That'll be $8,000. We don't take any insurance. God bless America. I went to the dentist. I've been going to the dentist a lot. I didn't go to the dentist for like 10 years. Don't skip years. I thought you could just skip over those years. But they make you make up for the time you missed. I hate the dentist. I love my dentist personally. Like, he's a good guy where friends, I love him. But the dentist of the doctor, I trust the least. I think they're just making it shit up. I feel like those are completely made up by the dental industry. Nobody's on board with this. But the dentist is like, you have a cavity. And I was like, do I? It doesn't hurt. He's like, cavities don't always hurt. And I was like, I don't see anything. And he's like, you can't really see cavities. I was like, this is awfully convenient for you, isn't it? It doesn't hurt. And I can't see it. But you need to fix it. That's a little suspicious if you ask me. He's like, you can ignore it. But I'll turn you a root canal. And I was like, now I feel like you're threatening me. I think you're making shit up. And you're threatening me with it. And I was like, whatever, fill it, I guess. He filled the cavity. I think he filled it. I have no idea. They numb your mouth. You can't feel what they're doing. And you can't see what they're doing. So he might have been crocheting. I have no idea what this guy did. But he charged me 500 bucks, which seemed high. And then I went back six months later. You got to go every six months. And this time I needed a root canal. Different tooth. Wasn't even hurting. He's like, you need a root canal. And I was like, which tooth? He's like, which one you want? Just pick a tooth. That's what I make some extra cash for the holidays. I was like, are you sure I need a root canal? He's like, oh, yeah. He showed me the X-ray. Doctors love to show you the X-ray. As though you've read an X-ray. At any point in your entire life, he tosses it up there. He's like, take a look. I'm like, I don't know what that is. I read books and tweets almost exclusively. And he's like, see how it's all white right here? And I'm like, well, it's a black and white photo. So the whole goddamn photo is white. I was like, I can't afford a root canal. I was like, one of those like $3,000. He goes, they're not $3,000. He said, like, it was an idiot. He's like, they're not $3,000. And I'm like, all right, well, I'm not a dentist. And you don't have a menu with prices on it, okay? I was like, how much did they cost? He said $1,800. Which is a little frustrating. Because I feel like I was in the ballpark. It's like I said $75,000. I was pretty close. They did the root canal, which was fine. And then afterwards, he's like, now you need a crown. And I was like, how much did the crown cost? And with a straight face, he said $1,200. I swear to God, that's not even a joke at all. I was like, what? I'm sorry, that sounds an awful lot, like $3,000. You could have at least given me the satisfaction of nailing it. I should get both prizes, forgetting the... Have you guys had root canal, they're a bummer. They're not that bad. I've had like nine in the last three weeks, but... They're hooks in me. They're not that bad. They numb your mouth, like I said. So it doesn't hurt, but this is what they do. They drill into your tooth. I won't get to grab it. They drill into your tooth, and they just pull the roots out. They toss them or plant them. I don't know what they're doing with the roots. They collect them. Then they do. But they do it. They whittle your tooth down. They're like a little piece of shit nub. And then they glue a fake tooth on top of that. And then they go like this. We saved it. We saved your tooth. Like you did. You saved it. You did quite a bit of damage right before you saved it. Most of my tooth is on my glasses right now, but... You fixed it up new. I'd be like, if I had to get a haircut and they just shaved your head and gave you a wig and they're like, we fixed it. It looks a lot better. It looked ridiculous for a minute there. That'll be 18 hundo for the haircut. And 1200 for the wig. It's a packaged deal. I don't know what's the eye doctor. I got an eye exam. How did you get an eye exam for like 10 years? Do you know why I didn't get an eye exam for 10 years? Because I was basically off dental prices. I thought I couldn't afford an eye exam. It was like it cost me $3,500 to fix two teeth. That weren't even bothering me. What the hell is eyesight going to cost? $75. That's so much an eye exam cost in New York City. $75. I showed up with $5,000 in my pocket. I walked in there with all my money. I was like, just let me see again. I'll give you the rest when I have it. They're like, that'll be $75. I'm like, are you shitting me? Give me two eye exams. Double check both eyes. I'll pay for that. I'll pay for everybody's eye exams all day. I'm like, daddy war bucks in here. I don't think eye doctors have any idea how much dentists are charging out there. They could really up their prices if they wanted to. That's not maybe like eye doctors, like the lowest self esteem doctor. They're like, can you read the bottom line? It's fine if you can't. I can't either. I'm a fucking idiot. Stupid. My dad hates me. He's like, geez. You alright? Our teeth more expensive than eyes. That's like unbelievable to me. You have so many more teeth. If you lose a tooth, nobody even notices. If you lose an eye, you have a new nickname. People notice. If you lose an eye, your friends are going to be like, didn't you use to have multiple eyes? You did, you had two. I thought you had two. Plus teeth is other options too. If you can't afford a root canal, they can pull the tooth for you. It takes like three minutes. It's fairly cheap. They don't have that at the eye doctor. You know? You're like, I can't read the bottom line. You're like, once the pull that out, we can toss that thing right away for you. We'll give you some gauze and some vikin' in. Don't need anything solid for a couple days. I'm going to therapy. You guys going to therapy out there? Mental indental. No, not a big therapy. New York too. I love it. I can do it for you. If you guys wanted to go, maybe you can't afford it. I can do it for you. I didn't go to college or anything. But I know how to do therapy. I've been going long enough. Whatever you're dealing with, it's because of your family. Look no further than your own family. That's all therapy is. You complain about your problems than they says. It's your family. And then you're like, I don't know. And then I spent 11 seconds with my family. And I was like, he nailed it. These little worst people I've ever met in my life. I don't know how I didn't see this earlier. My aunt Betty, she's a big source of my anxiety. I don't know if you guys know her at all. She was a babysitter. Late in the 80s, early 90s. I have anxiety. That's like my biggest issue. I know what my anxiety began. I think it was because of my aunt Betty. When I was eight years old, this is a true story. My aunt Betty, when I was eight years old, this is a true story. My aunt Betty said this to me. She said, Joe, my biggest fear. Tell me her biggest fear. I didn't ask what her biggest fear was because I was eight years old. I did not give a shit about her fears. But she told me anyway. She said, my biggest fear is that when I go to the bathroom, there'll be a man hiding behind the shower curtain waiting to get me. And I was like, well, that's my biggest fear now. Also. Previously, my biggest fear had been wedding my pants. But that's now the solution to avoiding my new biggest fear. Entering the bathroom at my parents house. My parents were like, what do you want for your ninth birthday? I'm like, how about a year and a half in my bedroom? And maybe a firearm in a new babysitter, the big three. Now, it was my big fear when I was a kid, wedding my pants. Did you get like frightened of anything or scared, which I was scared of everything? If you get frightened by something, you could just urinate right in your pants. And then your life is ruined. That's a weird mind-body connection. I never understood. Like your brain is like, I'm terrified. And then your bladder is like, we'll go ahead and piss it in. And then your brain is like, that didn't help at all. And your bladder is like, that's all we know how to do. We just want to let you know we're helping. And then your colon's like, we're ready to rock also. If you want us to fire something up. Fortunately, my aunt Betty was never attacked by a man behind the shower curtain, which is good. I think it still happens. She's still alive. It probably won't. She lives with her parents. They have a security system set up. She's always lived with her parents. She's never moved out. She's never been married. She had the wrong worst fear. She should have been praying for a man behind that shower curtain. She might have been held a scooch on out of that house. But that joke got me evidently. But she's an asshole in real life. Don't worry about it. You guys really took her side. That hurt my feelings. God damn it. What about my feelings? I'll say what's good about therapy. You're going to diagnosis. You find out what's going on. Like what's wrong? You know, like we're all fucked up. You know, you go to therapy. You're going to diagnosis. Like I have OCD, obsessive compulsive disorder, which is fun. I like to say I have it. Some people word it differently. Some people will say this. I am OCD. You remember me? Those people? Like I got to go wash my hands. I'm OCD. That triggers my OCD. Because I'm like you're not saying it properly. I guess it sounds normal. Because you hear it. So it sounds normal. But watch me replace it with something else. I got to go wash my hands. I'm genital herpes. See how that... I'm sorry. You have genital herpes. It's who I am. Call me Jen for sure. It's very serious. I'm trying to relax more. It's hard. I got into Buddhism. I'm like a Buddhist sort of. I read a Buddhist book. It wasn't a book. It was a meme. If I'm being honest with you guys, but... I like to say book. You sound smarter when you say you read a book. But memes are more... they're preferable. They're more succinct. This is what I said. And I said, let negative thoughts come into your head. But don't serve them tea. Mm-hmm. Because you don't want your negative thoughts lingering around drinking tea. That's like the analogy, I guess. My negative thoughts aren't drinking tea. Mine are doing cocaine. That's a better analogy. My negative thoughts are like, climate change is going to make the world uninhabitable. Tomorrow! Oh, fuck. Jesus. I read this. Human beings have up to 70,000 thoughts a day. Did you guys know that? I thought it was like nine. I had no idea. 70,000 is too many. I don't think I have 70,000 thoughts a day. I feel like I have four thoughts a day. They just repeat 70,000 times. My four thoughts are, my parents are going to die. I'm horny. Is that cancer? Is this funny? Those are the only four thoughts I ever have in my life. I've been traveling a lot. I was stressful to travel. I went to Israel last year. I don't know if you guys have been. New York. You probably have. I went to the Dead Sea. That's like a big attraction in Israel. You guys know about the Dead Sea. Even if you've never been, you're familiar. You can float. That's like the big attraction to the Dead Sea. You float. I don't know if you guys know this. Did you know this? You can actually float in anybody of water. You do not have to travel to the Middle East if you'd like to float in water. You can do that right here in America. They don't know that over there. They're like, You're a water. You'll float. I'm like, we have chairs that float. They have little cup holders. We do it all summer. It's terrific. We got foam noodles. You can buy them for three bucks. But I went. I didn't want to go to them. But you're going to try new things. That's very important in life. That's what they say. I think new things are overrated, honestly. Once you get to a certain age, I'm 37. I like chicken parm and missionary sex. That's all I'm really into. People are like, what about Ville and reverse cowgirl? Those are inhumane. If you ask me, I'll let you go. I went to the Dead Sea. I had a tour guide. He gave me some fun facts with the Dead Sea. He said it's the lowest body of water on earth. I was like, oh, that's neat. Then he added a second part that I thought was annoying. He said, it's actually below sea level. I was like, I don't know if you're smarter than me or a dumber than me. But it's not below sea level. It is sea level. It's the sea. Whatever the level is, that's the sea level. You can't be below yourself. Maybe it's like, actually, you can't be. And I was like, maybe you should below yourself. I thought that was what I was. Right up the top of my head. That was pretty good. He didn't laugh at all. I think someone was watching translation. But I thought it was a good singer. Then he said this. He warned me. So when you get in the water, if you have any cuts or nicks or abrasions on your body, you're going to really feel it because the salt can get in there. And I was like, I don't have any cuts or nicks or abrasions on my body. So I'm not too worried about it. But then I got in the water. And you know, when I found out your pee hole qualifies as a cut, nick, or abrasion. I had no idea. All these years, I'm walking around with a cut on the end of my penis. Or a nick. My pee a dick, Nick. I'm not sure. I got in the water. I was like, ah! And then he was like, is your pee hole burning a little bit? And I was like, you fucking knew about this? You gave me that shitty snapple fact about the sea level. I failed to mention I might have a burning pee hole. It goes, it's normal. I'm like, no, it's not. That's abnormal. Normally, I have no burning in my penis while swimming. He's like, you'll get used to it. And I was like, I'm not going to get used to it. I'm going to get out of the water and go back to America. I'm not. I don't want to just have a burning dick. And be like, ooh, it's an acquired taste after a few minutes. I'm vigorating. Guys, if you want to experience the Dead Sea, go home tonight. Get a glass of water, fill it with salt, and then just ease down into the... I'm doing it. Get a sense of what the Dead Sea is about. Ladies, it's harder. It's harder to... It's harder to dip your vagina in a glass. But, gynas don't dangle, you know. Some do, but I feel like... I don't know if it happens with women, because I was with a friend of mine, Rachel. She's a woman. We got out of the water. And I was like, Rachel, my pee hole. Did your vagina burn at all? And she was like, I only went in knee deep. And I was like, oh, me too. Thank you. It was the proudest moment of my comedy career. I went to Ireland last year. Been there a couple of times. That's a beautiful country. They like to fight there. That's like a big stereotype, fighting Irish. I don't like stereotypes, but they nailed that one. I saw so many fights. I saw the biggest fight I've ever seen. A big brawl. It was two bouts. I was in Dublin. There was two boutsers from a bar fighting this one as a guy. And I think he was like a patriot. I don't know how the fight started. It was already in progress when I got there. They might have been fighting for centuries. But it was two on one. And the three of them, they just kicked the shit out of each other. Eventually the two guys beat up the one guy, because they had more arms than he had. That's a big advantage in a fight. They knocked the guy down. This would happen. They knocked the guy down, finally. And they didn't hit him while he was down. They just kind of stood there, like we've won the fight. And I was really, I was like, I respect that. Because here in America, if you get in a fight and you get a guy down, you kick him until he dies. You know what I mean? We're number one, goddammit. I'm from Boston. Maybe you guys are. But I mean, that missed the... But he didn't kick him. He didn't hit him all. He just kind of stood there. And then I was like, these guys are real gentlemen. They don't hit him man when he's down. But then plot twist. The guy, he was laying on the ground. His girlfriend came running over. And she was like, you sons of bitches. And one of the guys blasted her right in the face. And I was like, wow, I seem to have jumped the gun. I'm my assessment of these fellas. Not quite as gentlemanly as I first suspected. Won't hit a man when he's down. We'll hit a woman when she's up. So... I was like, I better do something, goddammit. I'm an American. I'm gonna take action. So I did. I tweeted. I was like, I just saw some crazy shit. Hashtag blessed. Fire it off. Hit him where it hurts. The lady was fine by the way. She was an inch. I would not make a joke if she was hurt. She was completely fine. I think she might have been on meth. I think that, because I read there's a meth problem in Dublin. And then when the woman got punched in the face, she went like this. Haaaaaaaaaaa! And I was like, I think that might be one of those meth people I was reading about. That seems like a methie reaction to a punch in the face. And by the way, she won the fight. Both guys were like, oh shit, that's crazy. They kind of left. And then she was crying. And then she kind of hugged her man. He was bleeding in the street. They kind of hugged. And for a moment, I got kind of jealous. I was like, my wife and I never do fun stuff like this anymore. That's really sweet, you know? Then this part, you're going to think I'm making this up. But I swear to God, this really happened. The woman, she walked over to the bar. She opened the front door of the bar, and she yelled inside. She went, all we wanted was some chips. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I was like. I really wish I saw the beginning of this fight, because... I feel like there has to be more to that story. There's no way. Like that woman was sitting at the bar. She was like, can we get some chips right over here? Take them outside. Beat the shit out of him. And punch her right in the fucking face. We do not sell chips at this establishment. The rest of my time in Ireland is like, can I get some chips? But if not, no big deal. I don't want to cause a big... I know you're very particular about your chip distribution in this country. I understand you had a famine some time ago. I don't want to cause any problems. I do have a wife. We have sex. You guys having sex out there? You like that segue? You don't like about sex? I like sex. You keep learning. I've been having sex for a number of years. Sometimes I feel like it's a learning experience. Recently, my wife and I had sex. She had a cold. We had sex anyways. She's a real trooper. In the middle of the sex, she coughed and it ejected my penis out of her body. Did you guys know what that happens? Not a little bit. 100% out of her body. I was like, whoa, what? I was like a magic trick. I've been telling you that's one, two, all the way down. Ear knows throat vagina. It's MTV. I was like, I gotta get some cough drops or a bigger dick. Something has to change here. Ladies, do you know you can do that? Next time you're having sex with your man and he's not giving it to you the way you like it. Just give him a good... Ah! Don't come back here with that weak ass shit. I'll coffee right out of this relationship. I was nervous to get back in there. I'm like, if she sneezes, I'm gonna be dead on the ceiling over here. I got back in there. Back on the horse, as they say. The horse being my wife in this particular situation. She's more of a putty. She's very putty. I got in there. I was really holding onto that headboard because I was nervous. I thought she was having an orgasm at first. They sound similar. She's like, huh? For like one second, I was like, I'm fucking hitting it today. Yeah! That she sneezed and blew it in my face. I was like, oh, that makes more sense. Then I came and said, God bless you. That was kinda high. That's actually a better time to say God bless you, really. Sex is fun. I love it. Sex is different when you're married though. I'm a dirty guy. I like to get dirty and weird. I'm a dirty guy. When you're married, you can't get too dirty. You have to segue back into your regular life together. You know what I mean? When you're single, you can say crazy. You can do whatever. I can't ever see this person again. That was weird. When you're married. It's hard to be like, stuff in my balls and choke me, bitch. Then five minutes later, I'll do the dishes a few vacuums. Is that cool? Sorry. Sorry about earlier. I don't know what happened there. I did. That's why I go entry-level dirty talk. Just kinda regular, you know what I mean? Like the other day, we were having sex. I don't know why I get too graphic out of respect. But she was on top and I went, yeah, fuck me. That's something, right? Standard. And then she said, I am. I had to be like, no, I know. I know you are. It was more of a rhetorical. Then I tried to cough her off of me. I want to see if I can do it to her. Nothing to do it. I got to do some kegels or something. I love my wife. I love her family. She's a sister. We're buddies. I was hanging out with my wife's sister the other day. And you ever send a text message too quick? And you miss a letter or a word? It changes the whole text. We've all had that. I had that happen recently. I was hanging out with my sister in law. And my wife texted. And she wrote, how's things going with my sister? And I wrote back, great. She's a lot of fun. I wish you were her. That's a bad text. I meant to write, I wish you were here. Obviously. I felt bad. I had to call her. I was like, hey, I didn't mean to write that. I was distracted. I was trying to fuck your sister. But I got a little confused. But I wish you were here. So we can all fool around a little, you know? Like in the movies. It's weird when you date or marry someone with a sibling. Because siblings tend to look alike. Because they have the same parents. But you're supposed to be attracted to the sibling. Because it's inappropriate. But they look alike. You got to pretend they know. You got to be like, baby, you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in the whole world. But this younger version of you is very off-putting to me. I don't know. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I would never be attracted to a slightly newer version of you. I don't... That's gross. I'm very attracted to my wife. Because you want to... I want her to be attracted to me. I don't know. It's hard. Because when you're married, you want the person to be attracted to you. I googled things that are sexy to women. And you shouldn't do that. That's a mistake. I read about 25 articles. I had none of the things in any of the articles. Which was a bummer. What things said making the bed is sexy? I make the bed. I feel like that's a bullshit article. That's just a woman trying to get guys to make her bed. I'm pretty sure. Like someone was like, put down making the bed. Let's see if they try that. Her editor's like, that's not really sexy. She's like, I know. Let's get our beds made. If nothing else, these guys are idiots. I don't picture a woman being like, ooh, look at the way he snaps out the wrinkles. That's so hot. Somethings I think should be sexy to women, but they're not. Like I don't understand women. Like the other day, I was putting my socks on and my foot just ripped right through it. I was like, whoosh. I turned to my wife. I'm like, ah. You want a bag or what? She's like, what are you talking about? I'm like, I'm too much man. That's what I'm talking about. Goddamn socks. Can't even contain me anymore. She's like, no, you have a hole in the toe. Oh my god, whatever it is. Sometimes it's confusing what sexy is. My wife and I, one time we were watching broke back mountain together and she got turned on, not by the sex. There's a scene in the movie. I don't know if you saw the movie. I won't give anything away. In case you've been waiting 17 years to watch this masterpiece. We're watching the movie. There's a scene in the movie where Jake Gyllenhaal's character. He yells at his father-in-law. He says, sit your ass down. You old son of a bitch. It's like a big scene in the movie. And then my wife was like, ooh, that was hot. I was like, is that hot? Should I be yelling at your dad? Is that... Is that a turn on? That never even crossed my mind. I wake up every morning. I do 100 push-ups and I make the bed. I never thought to reprimand your father. I am to please, though. We're going to visit her parents or dads. I'm going to take my princess out of the room. I was like, that's what you think. You fat fuck. It was like, what is wrong with you? I'm like, I don't know. What's wrong with her? That's the real question. You raised this weirdo. I'm trying to stay sexually relevant. I would love a nice cream. That's not what she's into. So sit down. You son of a bitch. Didn't turn her out at all, by the way. Turned her mother on. She loved it. She was like, yeah, give it to him. Hit this dip shit. I think I have a chance with her mother. It feels inappropriate. You got to spice it up, though. We've been together a long time. You know, sex. You got to mix it up. I tell you what I like. I like shoes and bed. That's my thing. Anybody? I'm talking like, hi, heels. Not new balance or A6. It would be something nice. I like shoes and bed because they don't belong in bed. It's like a threesome. I'm not a fan of you, but stick around. I like what this is going, you know. That's the sex you look on a woman, by the way. Naked with shoes. Not a man. Man, we're not quite able to pull that look off, just yet. If I'm naked wearing shoes, I look like a toddler that ran away from his mother while she was changing him. You ever seen that when so much change in the kid? And the kid makes a run forward. He's like, no! Tiny dick flipping everywhere. He hides in the curtain. That's me. I think it's when a woman is naked wearing shoes. It's kind of like she's like, I forgot to get dressed. A man naked with shoes is like, I forgot to take my medicine. I don't know what got into me. I'm sorry. I like morning sex. That's my favorite sex. Morning sex. First thing, right? Yeah, there you go. I love it. My wife doesn't like it. I'm like, let's have some morning sex. She's like, no, I want to start my day. Yeah, I want to start my day also. That's what I was referring to. Frankly, it's a little hurtful that you wouldn't consider that part of your day. That she's just eating cereal. I just got cock-blocked by Tony the Tiger. That's not a great feeling. I think the problem with morning sex, morning breath. That's the main problem. Morning breath. I'm pretty sure is how doggie style sex got invented. There was a couple having sex first thing in the morning, and then 30 seconds in, the woman's like, let's try this at my face, bury in the pillow. That'll be better. We can still do it. I'll just lift my genitals to you and hide my nostrils and we'll win. Thank you for making the bed, by the way. That's really nice of you. Thank you guys very much. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. Thank you. Take care. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen! Oh my god, let him hear it, everybody. Come on. You're welcome. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here.
Bazel. Thank you Thank you Thank you I'm thinking one in particular Bad titties in the front row Thank you so much Thank you audience coordinator for putting those titties up in the front row Bless you Ha ha ha those distracted me I was supposed to come out all of a Man Yeah, oh, y'all here You look lovely though by the way. Yes, you do. Yes, you do Congratulations, my friend. I'm glad y'all here. It's very good. Yo, congratulations to you My friend look at that white woman you're with god damn Yeah Yeah, nigga behind you going. Yeah, son. I'm with my girl, but yo for real That white woman's amazing is she tell the truth He's with his black girl for like no, I don't know, but that she's high level That's our high level white woman right there That white woman is that is man oh man oh man Black woman get mad at that, but that is top shelf white woman right there You know you can tell how pretty a white woman is The value you look at her and then you wonder how long they would look for if she was missing Oh Come on take a look take a look look look look look look look look look look I saw you look mad sweetie how long if he was missing how long you think they were How long you think they were exact she don't even she went You know to deal I ain't saying none wrong white woman's life is valuable What's his name you're in vandish loop right We find out he was a serial kid man. He kills women. That's what he do. He do it well You know what I mean? We know the girl that he that he you know supposedly had uh what's girl in the rubah Natalie Holloway right but the one he just killed a girl in Peru. What's her name um exactly We got asked you said now you said Natalie Natalie Holloway That's angel You know I said they're like family few All right name a white girl been missing for five years in rubah Natalie Holloway surveyed Name of a ruvian girl that was killed yesterday What is that big head third world peruvian bitches name You Must be your this or something goofy Don't get mad at yourself. I gave it to you. You saw how fast you said Natalie Holloway Diana Ross right here said now she knew a name That white girl with Natalie Holloway Man Man you called yourself Oh God bless you man. That is high level right there. Don't be ashamed of it gorgeous She mad herself look that white bitch. Wait, look you know come on come on Hey Nobody looking for you. I might look for you, but the news ain't you You think foxes reporting you missing let's be honest. She grace. She leaves story on Nancy grace For the next six months I look at that cuz she mad as though black women don't like this shit, but it is what it is let's be You Like that. Let's does let's be honest that little girl that went missing She was selling little girl was saying I forgot them, but she was she was selling went missing in the Indian Ocean, okay? and they spent Good lord her mass broke and she was floating around and she gave out her little signal her beacon They look for it. They spend 500,000 dollars like tax money to search for her Now that's my daughter. I want that to happen too, but but If you go selling Let's be honest I'm all you think that ain't gonna spend five come on Remember my eight remember football plays in Miami went missing it was sailing. They look for them for eight minutes Maybe they just send somebody out to edge of the beach I don't see him we have to call off the search cuz there's too much sun This sun the conditions are abnormally difficult If I go sailing I'm taking a white baby on a keychain with me Oh And my boat go down they gonna find me I'm gonna have it hook right to the side of my belt And I'm gonna dress the baby real white too. I'm gonna put sweatpants on it and Opel hug boots and I'm gonna take a picture Look at this white baby you don't come get me this white baby going down with me I Hate how much one black people can have racially, man. It's just I can say anything I got down one racially And white people have to sit there take it. Yeah I am evil yes I don't even say it cuz of that. I like I love I love a little ratio. Yeah, look man, you know Let's be fair. I mean Honestly be nicer with the racial game. I mean it I like to talk to you know white people about being honest about Obama you gave it a shot You did You gave it a two-year shot like oh yeah, I tried I tried to We tried to But you feel like it's not it's just it fell apart it really it really did and I'm gonna tell you something You don't know about black folks We would be on your side And talking to white people we will be on your side a lot more if you would you know just not ever talk About how you feel about anything racial we'll catch up to you now serious Cuz black people on the edge of going what the fuck is Obama doing But it's too many white people outwardly hated him so we can we go you shut the you shut up I'll be a dancer my stop I'm having rallies in all kinds of stuff I'm telling you I'm this close to I'm mad at them because I thought I would have a white slave but I thought I thought it was vengeance day What I have me a white family oh big old fat white girl go warm up better get upstairs Susan Warm my bed up feed my baby which is giant white titties and I'm gonna go outside and stare your husband in the face and decide whether I'm gonna sell them or not And you know your wife upstairs warming up my bed you know that right fill up That's uncomfortable in it that's some kind that's uncomfortable I apologize Can't we move on we'll move on we'll move on to something They don't even like that in play that's uncomfortable right to think about that but What you gonna do I like how I look date my days are numbered So I just want to have as much fun as possible, you know, I mean I'm 40 and uh and that's that's That's young in everyone else years, but uh in black years, I you know high blood pressure I am uh If you do the black to white life ratio, I'm a hundred And 77 year I'm old as a mother I'm old and I want to live But here's why I messed up I messed up my young years and I realized something I'm gonna tell you if you're over 40 and you're trying to better yourself just Just stop. Let's just You're not gonna better yourself when I say you're not gonna better yourself I mean better yourself like go back to when you try to capture The things you used to do when you supposed to had did it, but you didn't do it you feel me So the stuff that you were 18 and didn't do now you're 40 and you're going I'm gonna make a treasure It not make me sick more than somebody 40 and say they in school like what you're doing. I mean I'm going to school You're never too young to live too old and never too Oh bunch of sayings The fuck up which are old horses, cuz today you're old Your brain don't work Your body don't work you can't change your ethic There might be two of you that change your ethic Like these fat people shows that on dv where they got people So does that show is over give fat again big fat fat Fatty that's what you are I went to exercise recently and I try to change my life and exercise After I finish I was saying to myself. I gotta do this tomorrow Like nothing change that's got some lump. I don't care what it was Something should have changed nothing and I gotta keep doing this until Maybe I see Change but I just can't I don't have that ethic anymore. I should have did it when I was 18 years old I got can't tight But I didn't realize how important taping was till right now I fucked up all my good taping years calling people gay Who was going to taping class Being six other dudes like what you doing? man Come on man, let's go uh still bread we go still bread And lunch meat from the supermarkety make sandwiches in the cellum during taping class And I can't tight If you can't tight and you try to be in a world with people who can You you you feel irrelevant you stop, you know You say hello to some woman on internet high and she come back with the seven-page Memo like hello, what? Really for real all those words you saw me tight Hello And I yelled it ever deadly. I in big letters. I was saying hello really seriously You think I say hello Hi, what you think I did for real yeah really You just send smiley faces that's all I do I know smiley motor cars. I know I loved those Like I can't spell if I had to spell restaurant To this day right to say my mom is like like if I Like if somebody had my mom a hostage had a gun to And says spell restaurant I shoot your mother in the head. I'll be like I would look at my mother like I love you You gotta look at me mom. She crying Understand that I I love you at all my heart I Stop stalling me. Okay. All right. All right All right, all right. All right. All right. RST Oh my god. Here's where it gets Oh Is a who is a who a who a rusty Rowan Ruined is this it's an a or you or you All right, give me a know give me no word man. Give me no word. Come on word Just give my mother chance to live Tomorrow Probably god Banana I banana banana B.A.N Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm a relevant holy bro 35 five years. Yeah, how you feeling feeling you feeling all right You feel like these young guys of you know your football fan It's all your whole life. You know, there's no footballs wack now things are changing It seems like look this this may be old thinking okay now when I came up you football fan. No He's not like what do like That shocked me like dudes on football fan. I don't just live to fight it like like football It's not like the game it when I came up, dude football was a glad it was gladiated. It was angry. It was angry It was just like when we hit somebody when I played if you hit somebody and he didn't get up Like we didn't hold hands with the With the other team and pray like hold hands and all Everyone prays for him to get up. We used to do a Indian Like sell a hump dance circle around like And our crowds like he's paralyzed Right We be looking for his mother crying be like that's right lady. That's what you get from letting them out here with killers You can't even wiggle his toes take the socks Take the socks Tires socks around our helmet for the next week Like the next team they knew all that's the team that be Tying paralyzed digging socks Oh Romance the scarom next week And then like We were thinking about harming somebody it's just that's what we did Right Look at this guy just Think this fucking crew right here you guys hilarious You okay guy? You're late for some test you're gonna have it one in the morning Our intelligence face now you're a big football fan You like football. Yeah, you are shorter. I don't think so. I think you saw me tease this guy I'm just trying to get us to understand man that you the future okay I'm done, but they're taking away I'm in the end of thought Okay, they're taking away what I used to just automatically think and feel and now they just taking it away from you So that now even you look at do's like me like all the do's and go oh the you're like self-police and men go oh that's not you shouldn't Like inappropriate is a vaginal word like that's not a word Lapis in appropriate like is that coming from a man like women say that When his job is like that's just Men are supposed to do we're here to do file things and have you go oh, but now what's with the balance See it's it's it's yin and yang the balance you gotta Live it up you gotta be a little more is that you want them right there see she got to see how comfortable you are You shouldn't be as comfortable as you are You just you can see him sitting up Straight and you're just looking he's just like whatever you laugh at all of it It's not a good thing brother. I feel it don't get mad at me now. He's like fuck you fat boy Can't type or read off that man You're the saying man. I'm out of type, but I do know I'm telling you what is this is Oh Like ladies, let's discuss you look let's discuss harassment For a second Let's just see you feel it a little bit. I just discussed it. Why can't I Horatio Oh Sometimes I can never harass you Never and I'm not talking about Like I'm talking just I At the job It's unfair that I can't harass you at the workplace like You look at how you looking and I can't just a little something that has to do like you got to be careful Just to say hey you look beautiful today. That's how messed up the game is I think you should be able to comment on any part of the body That you see if you I'm saying Genie now genie know disrespect but if I work with you I Spade a walk in and go oh genie beautiful titty meat you have and Because I see that but Whatever the scientific term is I'm looking at mr A 4.9 grade point average. What's the What's a science term for uh titty meat? What's the actual and it's not the cleavage I mean the cleavage is the space in the middle. I'm talking about the meat the meat the titty part And I'm not being foul just you know You know I'm saying just So I can go through the rest of the day without pretending That I don't see what you understand I'm saying I mean let's work out of deal don't get me fired I Haven't women work with men right is like having a grizzly bear work with salmon Dipton honey like so now you dip the salmon in the honey right grizzly bears and the salmon get to walk through Constable with honey and fish and good morning grizzly bears And the grizzly bears is like hey Hey, man he gave him a growl like oh what's so fish Oh my god human resources the grizzly bear just did grizzly bears so So Like I can't even go hey good morning good morning fish good morning Oh, I can't touch you like oh look at that Oh, let me just get a little bit of that fish. You're good You get that honey oh my god Fish and honey man that's my favorite Usually I kill fish and eat them stuff, but I just wanted to just rub that rub a little good Oh Damn That's so impressive like you shouldn't even And his cameras everywhere you can't do like weird stuff behind a back like Why would it be disrespectful I said what's your name So Terrell if I go tell you to where we work together and I go to our eight to me favorite Let me know when you're getting up to go to bathroom. Sorry. I could sniff your chair That's disrespectful to sexual, but that keeps me from being Like I think look I think this should be a holiday Uh for lack of a better word harassment day, but not that sounds whatever, but I mean a day where I get to Find out like because and this is why it should be harassment day Because women get to be inappropriate sexually all the time you get to be inappropriate and when I'm saying inappropriate I mean Hello to me Too close hi What's some weird massage because you think we're friends and you Morning little kiss and he's just like oh Boy boy boy boy boy And you think in your head man, I wonder if I want to Well harassment day allows you to be able to ask All year I say the Tuesday before things give him And it's and it's a beautiful day flowers and everything you buy flowers You just real cool you walk up you respectful you say how are you you know afternoon Terrell happy harassment day And You just like say listen, I was wondering all year if you would suck my dick in the broom time And you just be like no, thank you that I'm not and you blitz I'm thank you keep the flowers. I just thought I Made a mistake. I thought you was a whole all year. I was confused. I thought you was a whole but you're not Even animals man animals smell it on us They do animals smell something's wrong like with the dog whisper. He got animals And I'm an animal Let me say this man. I might what they I don't know what the term is for Extreme animal lover like I get sick when I see animals suffering and I know that's contrary to popular belief somehow Somehow it's spread out that black people we like we hate animals Like we can't stand dogs and cats and I don't get it. That's the news doing that because they only show dudes that hate dogs Like when the big stuff was happening. What do you think of Michael Vick and the dog? They just show every dude in shows like dogs me fuck dogs I'm drowning a dog in a bucket right now. We can be a dog. Where's a dog at I kill him. I hate dogs. I hate dogs And then they'll show a white woman like tongue kissing a dog in the mouth Just to prove white people love dogs and then they go back to him and he's mad like look at his dirty white bitch tongue kissing devil devil bitch tongue kissing a Jackal in the mouth Devil lick it jackal and this is like shot. It's like some weird Ward they always want black people white people to be at war man for some reason How can you hate it? I don't people who hate animals like I don't I'm not gonna go I hate you But it's it'll be hard. It takes away a piece of how close we might if you go I hate animals Like it's my look at a baby seal and go oh I can't wait to hit this motherfucker in the face Fuck it hate baby seals all cute Oh fuck you looking at baby seal like You ever see them sad animal commercials that come on like during And for the morning during three-seater company And it catch you out of nowhere you be watching three-seater company and then And that show it be um Like it'll be a kitten and a slow motion to kick up and the kitten And it's a pencil in his head like somebody stop a pencil in his face And they put fun facts 15,000 kittens are stabbed in the head With pencils each year you'd be like who Is stabbing kittens in the face with pencils why It's a pencil stick and out of his Fade Didn't know show a bunch of puppies shoving a container or a cup All peas in a cup Listen their feet. It's wrong Hi, I'm white lady I'm here to say miggas probably did it Fuck you bitch jackal kiss it home But I'm not saying that dogs should be equal citizens either I love my dogs man, but I can't you know, it's wrong to train them And they are to control and I'm not really a sees them alone Understand her I try I try with what is but my I got a I got a Westie a little Westia Poodle I love my dogs man. I let and I let them go to bathroom on the weepy pad in the house man I don't care And everything's good when they do this because they got a little baby You know when they eat right the back the Be nice little you know I don't have to scratch they just do they think and when they do they think everything's beautiful I go good boy good girl bow and everybody's happy but sometimes they just decide they're gonna try me and go like they have a meat And go you know what? Let me see what happens my piss on his good rug Eddie boy. Let's see what you want me want piss on his rug I'll pay who gonna do it you let's come on one two three. I have to I do it And then all the one peeking around the corner like okay, okay, and just It's usually the Westie because he got the cutest look The Westie got the got the sad Like what did I do phase So I'm like what are you doing? Oh come on man. Why would you do that? It's just I'm dumb. I don't know I go go ahead boy. Come on man everybody's happy and then like because when I was younger This is how you trained dogs. It was no it was easy. You just put them down When he first kicked the house and you just hide around the corner, you know And you just wait you wait till it goes to the bathroom where he's supposed to and soon as he crunch up And go to the bathroom you got to wait till the first And then you just run And you two shove his face is shit How's that feel shitty face your face state how's that And what he's like what he shoved them out he's he's not tapping like all right Kick him don't shit on my wrong mother I don't never shit dig it like He may go there but here You'll pull a cigarette out first. We here. God Whoo something happened to me bad there I'm scared even get near there You can do heroin. He get near that spot. I'll kill you And rub cost more than you mother fucker Well, I'm trying to save you man because you are the future my friend Because I'm finished I'm stuck in a relationship done Done This is a man in love here's the face of a man in love Oh And the face of a woman in love is like Yeah But the face of a man in like is like I like her and women are like when are we just going I mean Why is it have to go somewhere it's just cold right back like Here's the best relationship in the world is when The woman loves you And the man likes her so if I like you and you love me that's perfection Because I like like like is like when that's when he's happy to see you and happy to hear you and you doing things that don't disrespect The the happy you lie about liking sports and you do all kind of things I know that sounds like ridiculous, but I'll put in invasional terms for you Because I see the faces like huh and then guys go Hey, I don't know what you talking about like but I What guys do I speak fluent dude man. I understand how we are. I'm gonna tell you why Okay, ladies you how many times there's been a guy in your life or it guys in where there's been men in your life Who want to sleep with you? But you didn't want to sleep with him Zillian you can count it so What that means there's a there's a philosophy there meaning you are Sexable he wants to sleep with you, but just because you are Sexable don't mean I'm sexable right say anything with love just cuz I'm lovable Doesn't mean that you're lovable to You're just likable to me You You didn't do for me What I did for you to feel that way you understand I'm saying it's very simple. So if you just wait for me to love you Then you you be alright you might have to wait a while But men don't have the option to muscle you like you muscle us you know You got either shit or get off the pot. We've been together This many months and it's time for us to discover where like but men don't say nothing like that to muscle you man That's you know, I can't go look we've been going out for a week now. It's it's uh It's time for you to roll these panties dampers Oh It's been too long I've been buying you drinks and you got to either shit or get off the pot But when your woman loves you it's very difficult to get past that man a woman's love is so beautiful man It's not men's love is not as beautiful it ain't pure because it's a work it's job I look at my girl laying there. I'd be like, yeah, huh Oh, man. I want to call out sick from love. I'd be like damn But she's sleeping right there. I've been wanting to give them call in sick boys. Oh I can't make it to love you today. I got a Oh But when your woman love you man, you feel weird. I try to start arguments when my girl all the time Just so that she loved me less because she just The way she loved me is just too much. I'm like damn It ain't it's not necessary But she loves man and in love for woman embodies everything. It's like I She's concerned about my health ain't no man in here ever ask how that woman's health is ever How long have been together by the way bro? Two years have you ever asked a health question? It ain't happening He never we don't know when she last time she checked the titties for For lunch Anybody's man have asked me to check the titties for fucking lunch. No If you take pills do your man go have you taken your pills? No, we don't give a shit It's not your pills off the right movies Pills you sick bitch I Sound like maracas around here you sick And it's not because we don't care about you. It's just the way we care is not the way I do know Men don't care about health in general We don't care about being sick I should be getting prostate checks every week I Should be at least doing my own prostate check you can if your prostate swelter You could put your own finger in your booty right to see if your prostate swell because you you can't but all of that I'll never know because I'm not gonna I let my prostate fall out my ass over I'll be walking it'll fall on the ground. I'll be like is that my prostate just fill out my ass? And I still won't go to the hospital. I call one of my friends on the phone. Hey, man You prostate up before I'll chat What you do about it put some duct tape I put your duct tape It's beautiful of the love Telling you I'm diabetic man and you know I'm not gonna find a woman that gives his cares Just off the street There's diabetes look I don't first, but I don't support it. I If I didn't have it I could give it. It's just whatever though really Can't eat cookies bag it. I don't I don't But I got that miserable disease. It's just it's one of those it's deteriorate It's just a it's just a pain in the ass because I can't eat and drink what I want Like I can eat as many vegetables as I want But we should have all the Brussels sprouts you ever needed Why can't I eat pasta and cake but you can't and it hard it's like being addicted food is I'm telling you food is in every day Like I'd be like oh my god man food again. I got to think about every day. I got to think I go to sleep Thinking about food Tomorrow like what am I gonna do? I today I had salad and fruit and I I'm gonna celebrate tomorrow by having a whole Lambly To celebrate how good I ate yesterday. It's just a suffering And I understand being addicted any smokers smokers in anybody Smoking see and it's like and that's your young man's in but you know you know It's you know you don't you're good people you don't want die you know smokers are like you just know You're dying like And you're gonna get cancer like you know you're gonna get cancer and you're giving other people cancer Like I'm not a bad person. I just can't keep it. I can't keep it Down in my system And then the pack of cigarettes they used to say things like cigarettes possibly Might Caused you to be ill at some point you're like now they say that will kill you and you still And then you got the cigarette boxes in Canada you have to see can this anywhere They got dead babies on the box. I could just be a dead baby. Can you imagine smoking and rationalizing? Imagine you tell yourself you play man. I'm glad I made it past his age. God damn How old was he when he started smoking like But day old Jesus slowed down and he was a filter I saw some white chocolate cupid Oreos White Oreos dipped in chocolate man. I could it was I was in tears like Knowing I shouldn't eat it, but I was in pain Like gone all my god, and I'm talking my soccer. I can't eat these cookies man and they calling me and I'm praying to God And I'm and I'm lactose intolerant, but like if I eat these cookies, I got to drink milk to them Go out like a soldier's like whatever Then you say all kind of weird stuff to you to rationalize eating them. I'll be like you know what? I don't need both my feet. I'm not a I'm not a ballerina I need his ones I can drive my car I I'm gonna tell you a quick love story man. This is some of how much my girl love me and it's amazing You know like I said I'm diabetic man, but um, you know, it's true story when we have sex we're really Really dirty man. We're really dirty We pee on each other in the hole But that's don't get past that because this is true love so So I'm we having sex right about two years ago. This happened. We're having sex and then After what she's like, you know That was good, but I think we gotta go to the hospital get you checked out. I said why she's like because your pee tastes like birthday cake And It's in that love if you could get past the pee part. That's love right? What she's like, oh your pee is too delicious. I don't I don't like that She ain't gonna you pee in my mouth you nasty She's just like oh my god your pee tastes. I don't like the way it tastes it tastes scrumptious What am I doing? You see these three goofy girls look til I'm like me being like my Blame Means you're not gonna love me to the degree that I need to save my life are you know? I don't need you. I don't need you if you can taste my pee and go something's wrong. You need to go check yourself Judge me What's your woman bro? How long you guys been together 10 years Good good how long Took 23 years good y'all going y'all going raw You sticking raw you doing Look that she punched them you know what Let me explain she just hit him in his arm. I'm explain something The quicker that a man goes raw it makes him look like you don't go ahead Pamp you You got it in raw The quicker the woman goes raw it makes you look Yeah, look she makes you look bad Because safe sex is a woman's responsibility You Because men are trying to do it the first Second we meet look My protection is just I do this And I just go Just not AIDS God Oh Please don't let me get sick and die It is your Responsibility Yep When did y'all decide to do it? How long did it take bro? How long did it take? It took a while was a while What's a while of you Hey, did you do the old bagless trick where you were just slowly like just try to put it in without And you just hopefully she stopped you that that old trick like okay All right, it's getting closer and I think I'm gonna I ain't got none on it yet. And then it's not getting real close. She'd be like no she gonna let me It's David We both gonna die Oh We gonna die she's let me go wrong But we won't stop them oh Stop me And I can't use no condom no more it's over condom days I probably pull a trash bag on my shit. It just Want like the one when he was It's just dead I have to see if my balls can fit in there too like all right, how's that baby? It both in there soft, but his balls and dick is in there. You okay? How's that feel filled up? You feel filled up? I I'm gonna do I'm gonna show you some ladies right? Let me show you some here's why you should be responsible for safe sex All right, how many guys in here honestly have used the dental dam before You know what a dental dam is you do no one's ever used one before See see what I'm saying you see what I'm saying about the condoms y'all this bike put that condom on But you know the dental dam is it's a piece of a trash bag, right? About as big as a napkin that you flip out and you lay it over a woman's vagina Just in case you know, it's it's poison To protect us from imminent danger, but We don't use it because you'll be insulted if I'm getting way out of sex with you and I pull out a piece of a trash bag And you go, uh, what is that? Oh, I'm just gonna lay that over you vagina Just in case it kills me I'm sorry. What did you say and we see that face like nothing forget it don't even pretend out of you and see that I rather die in And soak my way out of some pussy. I'd rather just get what you got No offense But that's us We are not like you Understand that We're good creatures special. We are, but we just not like you. We're not like we don't tell the truth And the reason is because we cannot Truth is uh, there's what truth is truth is a Feeling that goes from your gut to your mouth instantaneously Women get to be truthful you get to say and you say any kind of foul because you don't have an editing It just comes up. I just two plus two is seven Just say it. I don't care and you'd be like it's it's four This whatever I want Ah, I'm gonna talk if I feel like Men don't do that we can't be honest with you man truth is cruel If we told you the truth all the time that's cruelty Men men go from our gut and then it stops at the heart Where we edit it We edit what this was what this was was going to be foul. So I'm not going to say what this was And then it goes into the brain for further Touch-ups, you know analysis Okay, all right that sounds good and then you say it we don't just spew stuff out man because how we really feel about you It's just it's not it's not cool Like this how we feel about you you said 10 years let me ask you a question honestly. What's your daydream on how to kill her Here's where you messing up. I'm gonna tell you where you messing up He goes he says to me. Hey man, you trying to get me killed? It's do you see how we can't tell the truth? The the lie right that means that he thinks about it see did you understand what say? You should say I don't think about killing my woman, but you go you try to get me killed If I tell you how I kill this bitch she gonna kill me So your mom will get it out now. How do you kill them man? Just so she know how do you daydream about it Spitted out she's looking at it's all just Sweetie. I'm trying to let you understand what you're dealing with I'm just saying the fact that you're alive means he's didn't go through with it And I'm gonna tell you why why guys think about Killing-a women. It's because we love you Because I want you out of my life But I don't want to hurt your feelings So I'd rather you be dead Didn't to break your heart So we think about how do we kill this and get away how do you do it bro? I tell you how I kill my girl. I put a pillow overhead And shoot a twice for the silence And the feathers come up and I look under the pillow and I still be opening. I close eye. I close eye And I kiss her softly on her face, but she's dead You might as well spit it out because it'll help you now because it'll be you can blame it on all the whole situation Instead of later when she's like so Puerto Riga right Cuban oh lord have like Whatever she's whatever accent and whatever anger she does in Spanish. She's gonna be on you See miles will just say think about it She gonna be on you. What is it? What are you? And look at I don't condone violence against women, but I do condone thinking about it because Sometimes it's like how do I get you out of my face? It's just like what what do you do? What are girls in your face? I especially black women because you know what This is probably more important to white women because white women you do stuff to get killed People kill you your husbands kill you Black women do stuff to get hit like they make you want to hit them Because they being your face like they can whoop your ass Hey, you be like I'm gonna put this bitch to a bitch tank Don't get in my face because I can't even hit you I can't even poke you hard like don't Don't press me like that. What's he gonna do? I wish you like my god man get out of my face I've never hit a woman man. I've never needed to and I've been like wow man. This will be so much easier If I could but I just you just you just like I never even mushed a woman any woman every day mush You know what a mushing is? You don't even know what mushing is do you know what mushing is? You yeah, see look at the black girl right there So show show but then she put a whole hand over there It's a it's a it's a non-violent You Movement When you're in my face, and it's just to it just moves you And sometimes a twist It's just get out of my face please I don't know one much now. I've never done it. I've come close, but I'm too scared I don't want to go to jail over nonsense man Jail said I don't do that Pushed you know, I want to mush a girl get out of here. She stumbled back crack ahead and You know she laying on the ground doing the uh the whole Kogan from the 80s like I'm like oh my god. I'm lifting a hand. I'm like the referee like oh come on bitch Please get up and she just and on the third one. I'm hoping she go like this like oh I'm still living brother. Are you okay? Okay? Oh She's living White women though, I'm gonna tell you why you get killed and then this is a I'm from Boston man I got a PhD in white people man. I grew up around I White women you don't scream at your men. I never seen a white woman really go ah Tramman what what but you do something different you don't scream, but you you uh You say like really terrible things In his ears so only he can hear it and it starts to like a braid and whittle His spirit uh down Like really foul stuff but nice like you know what your mother's breath stinks When you get close enough to my mom I don't have to it stinks from here And I'm gonna fuck your friend fill up I'm gonna fuck by her and as soon as you go to work And then This is over years and you just you just And so all you got left is murder you just kill her Because you died no more spirit left the spirit is gone. Serious man If you want to understand men ladies, I'm look I'm here for you I'm just telling you what we are what we are you know not who we are what we are Just like what we are that that makes us struggle and really men are perfect creatures except for you know one Like if most women would want to be a man If you didn't have to give up that power that you have Which is our weakness That's our weakness. It's very difficult. I'm telling you man like I don't want to want to be with other women ever Like I want to just walk down the street and go I never need to look at another woman again because I'm with The last woman I'm ever going to be and I like But it ain't real it's just Like no guy wants to cheat and hurt his woman man that hurts first of all think about what cheating is for second ladies Cheating is a man. He sneaks out of his own house To go like find some happiness behind your back So your feelings on hurt Cheating is for you. It's not It's not for me We don't want to hurt you if you give a lie detector to To a man and a woman and ask them the same questions man We would pass them both up to a point where it's like hey Ask a woman you love your man you love your family you love your home you love what you built. Yep All right You see Brad Pitt or Denzel Washington whatever standing there would you risk everything you built with your man Just to sleep with him and women look they're gonna know wouldn't and they'll pass the test They'd be like, you know, I it's they look good, but I wouldn't Ask guys the same thing, you know, boom love your woman the kids the hot yeah, all right you You see that girl passed out behind the dumpster Could you risk everything for a passed out woman behind the dumpster I Don't want to but look at her with garbage on she looks so cute with garbage You ever discussed three since gorgeous You never had it's three some discussion with your man after ten years like just even talk to him about it Just to talk like because of the makeup wouldn't just a nice three-some talk make you feel like oh man Just cool that she lets me get a little bit of that evil all right And by the way ladies a three-some is two girls and a guy The girls be thinking what about oh two guys and a girl is a train that is me and him I don't even know him Hey, better not look me in the face like They could just get your digs. So why are you staring at me Let me fuck my half of the torso Catch this nigga blinking at me while I'm trying to fuck my half of the body damn Damn I don't have train at it yet You You don't understand that right women don't relate to that crap because you don't understand how much uh To get sexual guy man, it's hard it's harder to find it's harder to get sex than it is to find love I've swear to God women hold down. They you've got to be smooth to get I'm telling you to get through that because women are like the beef eaters From England with the big hats and them dudes be Who Who goes there you trying to like charm your way and to the palace and you just be like Tickle tickle baby tickle tickle She's just you're not gonna get through oh come on And and that skill women on you don't have it and because you don't need it You don't have to have swag to get something to night you don't you can just point at it You can look at a guy right catches eye and go like this and you go me and then you just point right in And don't be sexy don't be like oh just just Hey, he'll look around for a minute to make sure it ain't a trick like Oh Masters is giving up what's he bad what am I doing? What did you say no We're like uh I'm trying to like make it so women just like understand a little bit of like just sympathize It's like we're like sport fishermen. This is what I'm saying That's what men are we I mean being with one woman. I mean for real ladies if you just said thank you To your man for being faithful. You just go thank you man. Thank you for fighting Give me like damn and if you if he told his friends That you thanked him for fighting hard and not cheating his friends you like what Like they would look at you like you was amazing. It's simple Men like to fish And sport fishing is different from catching fish for food. You just get it you get it you catch it and you you know you you show your friends You Because you want them to know that you you can catch fish You take a couple of pitches so you can show people to fish That you have the ability to catch And then you release it back into the water But a lot of women in here you have boyfriends or husbands You were fish that jump back on the boat And And just was like flapping looking at me like Hi, I was wondering if you're going to be fishing here again next week like Yeah for other fish get off my boat Is that how you treat all the fish? You'd be like oh god damn No, I'm sorry. It's me to you the last fish I ever wanted to be with now you stuck Stuck with the last fish who was loving you and fighting hard to be on your boat Then she got comfortable and now she's started doing this. He's like so We've been together for like A year now. Why do you still have a boat you'd be like So what you trying to say I can't catch fish no more? Why do you need to catch a fish? Because if I lose my ability to catch fish Then you're not going to find me sexy no more. So you got to smell fish on me So that you know I can catch fish so you can act right I That's like guys you meet your girl she was a hoe Like had hoe like she put old booty and isn't that you got to let her do that Don't start trying to frumper up and get a fat and get a foul Because that's why you like her. I don't want no woman that no other guy's trying to fuck I don't want a woman that I can send to the store at two in the morning Because nobody's gonna try to rape her like I go Go get some bread and three in the morning. Hey cook through the alley bitch They like talk to the junkies they don't want a dang-eyed dental like you You And I'm just I'm look I'm to be fair to women um You know it's look god has been very uh cruel To you being a woman as a creature. I think it's just it's just unfair. I wouldn't want to be a woman. It's just I mean like your period like I look I look at that and You see what my woman go through Every month like if my nose bled Every month I think I would kill myself. I would be like oh my god You got to stick something in your nose with a string hanging out Gotta take that out whatever you seven seconds or whatever and Five days before your nose bleed you know it's going to bleed but you don't know When so you just sitting there like when Is my nose going to start bleeding? Oh my god And then if your nose don't bleed when I suppose you're like I My nose is supposed to be bleeding by now I'm gonna go to the hospital but it's not bleeding soon And y'all get horny and My woman gets horny oh Oh my god And I ain't down with that and I see her face like if I would do it one time It probably would change her life like she would be just so grateful, but I just can't She's like come on This lady's gonna live in tow or something And I was going to do it one time and then I googled the whole cycle It's all kind of stuff that I don't I sharpened a mob stick every month. I just poke I go yeah, get back Yeah back get in the closet get in I started some raw meat under the door eat that for a week. Ah get back It's shocking Like I know look like I said I'm 40 I can feel I can feel my sex drive right I still love women But I don't feel like I feel like I have your sex like that But I still love looking at him like oh But here's what god did for men he turned my hornyness Into creepiness like so I could have a good time sitting at the mall watching chicks trying on sneakers at the foot locker With the creepy face like Hmm I'm good for the day But women you don't get creepy You get one here as you get older It's weird you want to do all your sex in between the ages of 30 and 50 That's when you want it But here's how sad things are the value of a giant is only good from 18 to 29 I Will see get old like bread not like wine it I don't want the way to to bring me a vintage glass of twat you be like would you like a 52 Stinky virginity From the funk punk region you'd be like good you ain't got a better year than that you ain't got a 89 down in 89 Okay, what it is water just 89 I'm not saying you you're not sexy if you if you 40 whatever I'm not I'm your beautiful whatever I'm just saying 20 is just 20 20 Who's 20 now y'all do you Older than 20 I hear it in your voice. It's not like you chew cigarettes. He's just like As cute as you are you can hear it Was women who are not 20 did you see what happened she raised her hand fast 20 Yeah Um Oh, that then 20 20 years god I bet you're pussy tastes like hope Oh, sorry, that's just ridiculous But That's the difference difference between 40 old coach and 20 It's the amount of time I wait that's it 20 I wait forever just wait in the corner like oh, it's going to happen I am going to wait for this 20 year oldness 40 I want a date Two dates two dates and then you gotta start rolling them old draws down From where it is pulled up to the broth I'm not saying you're not sexy if you if it's for I'm not I'm just saying it's the time that's it Like I want it now if I'm willing to eat some stale cracker jacks. I'll eat Some stale cracker jacks, but I want to I'm right I If I say him and I'm stale cracker jacks right there and you go come and get them I'm like Just throw them on the floor They old the boxes open There's no prize in a way to magnifying glass One peanut get pick it out of here They can be crawled around for old cracker jacks And you really have a laugh at that ladies if You just it's just not fun for you nothing's fun sex isn't fun sex is so much fun for dudes Because we got a money shot you don't understand what is like to see The the feeling like we both have orgasms Oh Men have a receipt like we We see it and it's a payoff you'd be like I am satisfied because that's what it is right look at You don't think you'd be happier ladies if you could just Have a if you could just shoot a couple of eggs in a guy's face you just By don't talk to this for help you want to be happy you don't And he's just sitting there You go oh, I felt good growing the bathroom and washing face you walking your batter Oh Why are you so aggressive you like shut up bagging Maybe I'll make me a grilled cheese sandwich Oh Call your friends on the phone I just ain't gonna top it his head Don't tell your friends are busy shout out she already knows I ain't gonna top your head already Hey Oh Call your mother You
Bazel. Thank you Thank you Thank you I'm thinking one in particular Bad titties in the front row Thank you so much Thank you audience coordinator for putting those titties up in the front row Bless you Ha ha ha those distracted me I was supposed to come out all of a Man Yeah, oh, y'all here You look lovely though by the way. Yes, you do. Yes, you do Congratulations, my friend. I'm glad y'all here. It's very good. Yo, congratulations to you My friend look at that white woman you're with god damn Yeah Yeah, nigga behind you going. Yeah, son. I'm with my girl, but yo for real That white woman's amazing is she tell the truth He's with his black girl for like no, I don't know, but that she's high level That's our high level white woman right there That white woman is that is man oh man oh man Black woman get mad at that, but that is top shelf white woman right there You know you can tell how pretty a white woman is The value you look at her and then you wonder how long they would look for if she was missing Oh Come on take a look take a look look look look look look look look look look I saw you look mad sweetie how long if he was missing how long you think they were How long you think they were exact she don't even she went You know to deal I ain't saying none wrong white woman's life is valuable What's his name you're in vandish loop right We find out he was a serial kid man. He kills women. That's what he do. He do it well You know what I mean? We know the girl that he that he you know supposedly had uh what's girl in the rubah Natalie Holloway right but the one he just killed a girl in Peru. What's her name um exactly We got asked you said now you said Natalie Natalie Holloway That's angel You know I said they're like family few All right name a white girl been missing for five years in rubah Natalie Holloway surveyed Name of a ruvian girl that was killed yesterday What is that big head third world peruvian bitches name You Must be your this or something goofy Don't get mad at yourself. I gave it to you. You saw how fast you said Natalie Holloway Diana Ross right here said now she knew a name That white girl with Natalie Holloway Man Man you called yourself Oh God bless you man. That is high level right there. Don't be ashamed of it gorgeous She mad herself look that white bitch. Wait, look you know come on come on Hey Nobody looking for you. I might look for you, but the news ain't you You think foxes reporting you missing let's be honest. She grace. She leaves story on Nancy grace For the next six months I look at that cuz she mad as though black women don't like this shit, but it is what it is let's be You Like that. Let's does let's be honest that little girl that went missing She was selling little girl was saying I forgot them, but she was she was selling went missing in the Indian Ocean, okay? and they spent Good lord her mass broke and she was floating around and she gave out her little signal her beacon They look for it. They spend 500,000 dollars like tax money to search for her Now that's my daughter. I want that to happen too, but but If you go selling Let's be honest I'm all you think that ain't gonna spend five come on Remember my eight remember football plays in Miami went missing it was sailing. They look for them for eight minutes Maybe they just send somebody out to edge of the beach I don't see him we have to call off the search cuz there's too much sun This sun the conditions are abnormally difficult If I go sailing I'm taking a white baby on a keychain with me Oh And my boat go down they gonna find me I'm gonna have it hook right to the side of my belt And I'm gonna dress the baby real white too. I'm gonna put sweatpants on it and Opel hug boots and I'm gonna take a picture Look at this white baby you don't come get me this white baby going down with me I Hate how much one black people can have racially, man. It's just I can say anything I got down one racially And white people have to sit there take it. Yeah I am evil yes I don't even say it cuz of that. I like I love I love a little ratio. Yeah, look man, you know Let's be fair. I mean Honestly be nicer with the racial game. I mean it I like to talk to you know white people about being honest about Obama you gave it a shot You did You gave it a two-year shot like oh yeah, I tried I tried to We tried to But you feel like it's not it's just it fell apart it really it really did and I'm gonna tell you something You don't know about black folks We would be on your side And talking to white people we will be on your side a lot more if you would you know just not ever talk About how you feel about anything racial we'll catch up to you now serious Cuz black people on the edge of going what the fuck is Obama doing But it's too many white people outwardly hated him so we can we go you shut the you shut up I'll be a dancer my stop I'm having rallies in all kinds of stuff I'm telling you I'm this close to I'm mad at them because I thought I would have a white slave but I thought I thought it was vengeance day What I have me a white family oh big old fat white girl go warm up better get upstairs Susan Warm my bed up feed my baby which is giant white titties and I'm gonna go outside and stare your husband in the face and decide whether I'm gonna sell them or not And you know your wife upstairs warming up my bed you know that right fill up That's uncomfortable in it that's some kind that's uncomfortable I apologize Can't we move on we'll move on we'll move on to something They don't even like that in play that's uncomfortable right to think about that but What you gonna do I like how I look date my days are numbered So I just want to have as much fun as possible, you know, I mean I'm 40 and uh and that's that's That's young in everyone else years, but uh in black years, I you know high blood pressure I am uh If you do the black to white life ratio, I'm a hundred And 77 year I'm old as a mother I'm old and I want to live But here's why I messed up I messed up my young years and I realized something I'm gonna tell you if you're over 40 and you're trying to better yourself just Just stop. Let's just You're not gonna better yourself when I say you're not gonna better yourself I mean better yourself like go back to when you try to capture The things you used to do when you supposed to had did it, but you didn't do it you feel me So the stuff that you were 18 and didn't do now you're 40 and you're going I'm gonna make a treasure It not make me sick more than somebody 40 and say they in school like what you're doing. I mean I'm going to school You're never too young to live too old and never too Oh bunch of sayings The fuck up which are old horses, cuz today you're old Your brain don't work Your body don't work you can't change your ethic There might be two of you that change your ethic Like these fat people shows that on dv where they got people So does that show is over give fat again big fat fat Fatty that's what you are I went to exercise recently and I try to change my life and exercise After I finish I was saying to myself. I gotta do this tomorrow Like nothing change that's got some lump. I don't care what it was Something should have changed nothing and I gotta keep doing this until Maybe I see Change but I just can't I don't have that ethic anymore. I should have did it when I was 18 years old I got can't tight But I didn't realize how important taping was till right now I fucked up all my good taping years calling people gay Who was going to taping class Being six other dudes like what you doing? man Come on man, let's go uh still bread we go still bread And lunch meat from the supermarkety make sandwiches in the cellum during taping class And I can't tight If you can't tight and you try to be in a world with people who can You you you feel irrelevant you stop, you know You say hello to some woman on internet high and she come back with the seven-page Memo like hello, what? Really for real all those words you saw me tight Hello And I yelled it ever deadly. I in big letters. I was saying hello really seriously You think I say hello Hi, what you think I did for real yeah really You just send smiley faces that's all I do I know smiley motor cars. I know I loved those Like I can't spell if I had to spell restaurant To this day right to say my mom is like like if I Like if somebody had my mom a hostage had a gun to And says spell restaurant I shoot your mother in the head. I'll be like I would look at my mother like I love you You gotta look at me mom. She crying Understand that I I love you at all my heart I Stop stalling me. Okay. All right. All right All right, all right. All right. All right. RST Oh my god. Here's where it gets Oh Is a who is a who a who a rusty Rowan Ruined is this it's an a or you or you All right, give me a know give me no word man. Give me no word. Come on word Just give my mother chance to live Tomorrow Probably god Banana I banana banana B.A.N Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'm a relevant holy bro 35 five years. Yeah, how you feeling feeling you feeling all right You feel like these young guys of you know your football fan It's all your whole life. You know, there's no footballs wack now things are changing It seems like look this this may be old thinking okay now when I came up you football fan. No He's not like what do like That shocked me like dudes on football fan. I don't just live to fight it like like football It's not like the game it when I came up, dude football was a glad it was gladiated. It was angry. It was angry It was just like when we hit somebody when I played if you hit somebody and he didn't get up Like we didn't hold hands with the With the other team and pray like hold hands and all Everyone prays for him to get up. We used to do a Indian Like sell a hump dance circle around like And our crowds like he's paralyzed Right We be looking for his mother crying be like that's right lady. That's what you get from letting them out here with killers You can't even wiggle his toes take the socks Take the socks Tires socks around our helmet for the next week Like the next team they knew all that's the team that be Tying paralyzed digging socks Oh Romance the scarom next week And then like We were thinking about harming somebody it's just that's what we did Right Look at this guy just Think this fucking crew right here you guys hilarious You okay guy? You're late for some test you're gonna have it one in the morning Our intelligence face now you're a big football fan You like football. Yeah, you are shorter. I don't think so. I think you saw me tease this guy I'm just trying to get us to understand man that you the future okay I'm done, but they're taking away I'm in the end of thought Okay, they're taking away what I used to just automatically think and feel and now they just taking it away from you So that now even you look at do's like me like all the do's and go oh the you're like self-police and men go oh that's not you shouldn't Like inappropriate is a vaginal word like that's not a word Lapis in appropriate like is that coming from a man like women say that When his job is like that's just Men are supposed to do we're here to do file things and have you go oh, but now what's with the balance See it's it's it's yin and yang the balance you gotta Live it up you gotta be a little more is that you want them right there see she got to see how comfortable you are You shouldn't be as comfortable as you are You just you can see him sitting up Straight and you're just looking he's just like whatever you laugh at all of it It's not a good thing brother. I feel it don't get mad at me now. He's like fuck you fat boy Can't type or read off that man You're the saying man. I'm out of type, but I do know I'm telling you what is this is Oh Like ladies, let's discuss you look let's discuss harassment For a second Let's just see you feel it a little bit. I just discussed it. Why can't I Horatio Oh Sometimes I can never harass you Never and I'm not talking about Like I'm talking just I At the job It's unfair that I can't harass you at the workplace like You look at how you looking and I can't just a little something that has to do like you got to be careful Just to say hey you look beautiful today. That's how messed up the game is I think you should be able to comment on any part of the body That you see if you I'm saying Genie now genie know disrespect but if I work with you I Spade a walk in and go oh genie beautiful titty meat you have and Because I see that but Whatever the scientific term is I'm looking at mr A 4.9 grade point average. What's the What's a science term for uh titty meat? What's the actual and it's not the cleavage I mean the cleavage is the space in the middle. I'm talking about the meat the meat the titty part And I'm not being foul just you know You know I'm saying just So I can go through the rest of the day without pretending That I don't see what you understand I'm saying I mean let's work out of deal don't get me fired I Haven't women work with men right is like having a grizzly bear work with salmon Dipton honey like so now you dip the salmon in the honey right grizzly bears and the salmon get to walk through Constable with honey and fish and good morning grizzly bears And the grizzly bears is like hey Hey, man he gave him a growl like oh what's so fish Oh my god human resources the grizzly bear just did grizzly bears so So Like I can't even go hey good morning good morning fish good morning Oh, I can't touch you like oh look at that Oh, let me just get a little bit of that fish. You're good You get that honey oh my god Fish and honey man that's my favorite Usually I kill fish and eat them stuff, but I just wanted to just rub that rub a little good Oh Damn That's so impressive like you shouldn't even And his cameras everywhere you can't do like weird stuff behind a back like Why would it be disrespectful I said what's your name So Terrell if I go tell you to where we work together and I go to our eight to me favorite Let me know when you're getting up to go to bathroom. Sorry. I could sniff your chair That's disrespectful to sexual, but that keeps me from being Like I think look I think this should be a holiday Uh for lack of a better word harassment day, but not that sounds whatever, but I mean a day where I get to Find out like because and this is why it should be harassment day Because women get to be inappropriate sexually all the time you get to be inappropriate and when I'm saying inappropriate I mean Hello to me Too close hi What's some weird massage because you think we're friends and you Morning little kiss and he's just like oh Boy boy boy boy boy And you think in your head man, I wonder if I want to Well harassment day allows you to be able to ask All year I say the Tuesday before things give him And it's and it's a beautiful day flowers and everything you buy flowers You just real cool you walk up you respectful you say how are you you know afternoon Terrell happy harassment day And You just like say listen, I was wondering all year if you would suck my dick in the broom time And you just be like no, thank you that I'm not and you blitz I'm thank you keep the flowers. I just thought I Made a mistake. I thought you was a whole all year. I was confused. I thought you was a whole but you're not Even animals man animals smell it on us They do animals smell something's wrong like with the dog whisper. He got animals And I'm an animal Let me say this man. I might what they I don't know what the term is for Extreme animal lover like I get sick when I see animals suffering and I know that's contrary to popular belief somehow Somehow it's spread out that black people we like we hate animals Like we can't stand dogs and cats and I don't get it. That's the news doing that because they only show dudes that hate dogs Like when the big stuff was happening. What do you think of Michael Vick and the dog? They just show every dude in shows like dogs me fuck dogs I'm drowning a dog in a bucket right now. We can be a dog. Where's a dog at I kill him. I hate dogs. I hate dogs And then they'll show a white woman like tongue kissing a dog in the mouth Just to prove white people love dogs and then they go back to him and he's mad like look at his dirty white bitch tongue kissing devil devil bitch tongue kissing a Jackal in the mouth Devil lick it jackal and this is like shot. It's like some weird Ward they always want black people white people to be at war man for some reason How can you hate it? I don't people who hate animals like I don't I'm not gonna go I hate you But it's it'll be hard. It takes away a piece of how close we might if you go I hate animals Like it's my look at a baby seal and go oh I can't wait to hit this motherfucker in the face Fuck it hate baby seals all cute Oh fuck you looking at baby seal like You ever see them sad animal commercials that come on like during And for the morning during three-seater company And it catch you out of nowhere you be watching three-seater company and then And that show it be um Like it'll be a kitten and a slow motion to kick up and the kitten And it's a pencil in his head like somebody stop a pencil in his face And they put fun facts 15,000 kittens are stabbed in the head With pencils each year you'd be like who Is stabbing kittens in the face with pencils why It's a pencil stick and out of his Fade Didn't know show a bunch of puppies shoving a container or a cup All peas in a cup Listen their feet. It's wrong Hi, I'm white lady I'm here to say miggas probably did it Fuck you bitch jackal kiss it home But I'm not saying that dogs should be equal citizens either I love my dogs man, but I can't you know, it's wrong to train them And they are to control and I'm not really a sees them alone Understand her I try I try with what is but my I got a I got a Westie a little Westia Poodle I love my dogs man. I let and I let them go to bathroom on the weepy pad in the house man I don't care And everything's good when they do this because they got a little baby You know when they eat right the back the Be nice little you know I don't have to scratch they just do they think and when they do they think everything's beautiful I go good boy good girl bow and everybody's happy but sometimes they just decide they're gonna try me and go like they have a meat And go you know what? Let me see what happens my piss on his good rug Eddie boy. Let's see what you want me want piss on his rug I'll pay who gonna do it you let's come on one two three. I have to I do it And then all the one peeking around the corner like okay, okay, and just It's usually the Westie because he got the cutest look The Westie got the got the sad Like what did I do phase So I'm like what are you doing? Oh come on man. Why would you do that? It's just I'm dumb. I don't know I go go ahead boy. Come on man everybody's happy and then like because when I was younger This is how you trained dogs. It was no it was easy. You just put them down When he first kicked the house and you just hide around the corner, you know And you just wait you wait till it goes to the bathroom where he's supposed to and soon as he crunch up And go to the bathroom you got to wait till the first And then you just run And you two shove his face is shit How's that feel shitty face your face state how's that And what he's like what he shoved them out he's he's not tapping like all right Kick him don't shit on my wrong mother I don't never shit dig it like He may go there but here You'll pull a cigarette out first. We here. God Whoo something happened to me bad there I'm scared even get near there You can do heroin. He get near that spot. I'll kill you And rub cost more than you mother fucker Well, I'm trying to save you man because you are the future my friend Because I'm finished I'm stuck in a relationship done Done This is a man in love here's the face of a man in love Oh And the face of a woman in love is like Yeah But the face of a man in like is like I like her and women are like when are we just going I mean Why is it have to go somewhere it's just cold right back like Here's the best relationship in the world is when The woman loves you And the man likes her so if I like you and you love me that's perfection Because I like like like is like when that's when he's happy to see you and happy to hear you and you doing things that don't disrespect The the happy you lie about liking sports and you do all kind of things I know that sounds like ridiculous, but I'll put in invasional terms for you Because I see the faces like huh and then guys go Hey, I don't know what you talking about like but I What guys do I speak fluent dude man. I understand how we are. I'm gonna tell you why Okay, ladies you how many times there's been a guy in your life or it guys in where there's been men in your life Who want to sleep with you? But you didn't want to sleep with him Zillian you can count it so What that means there's a there's a philosophy there meaning you are Sexable he wants to sleep with you, but just because you are Sexable don't mean I'm sexable right say anything with love just cuz I'm lovable Doesn't mean that you're lovable to You're just likable to me You You didn't do for me What I did for you to feel that way you understand I'm saying it's very simple. So if you just wait for me to love you Then you you be alright you might have to wait a while But men don't have the option to muscle you like you muscle us you know You got either shit or get off the pot. We've been together This many months and it's time for us to discover where like but men don't say nothing like that to muscle you man That's you know, I can't go look we've been going out for a week now. It's it's uh It's time for you to roll these panties dampers Oh It's been too long I've been buying you drinks and you got to either shit or get off the pot But when your woman loves you it's very difficult to get past that man a woman's love is so beautiful man It's not men's love is not as beautiful it ain't pure because it's a work it's job I look at my girl laying there. I'd be like, yeah, huh Oh, man. I want to call out sick from love. I'd be like damn But she's sleeping right there. I've been wanting to give them call in sick boys. Oh I can't make it to love you today. I got a Oh But when your woman love you man, you feel weird. I try to start arguments when my girl all the time Just so that she loved me less because she just The way she loved me is just too much. I'm like damn It ain't it's not necessary But she loves man and in love for woman embodies everything. It's like I She's concerned about my health ain't no man in here ever ask how that woman's health is ever How long have been together by the way bro? Two years have you ever asked a health question? It ain't happening He never we don't know when she last time she checked the titties for For lunch Anybody's man have asked me to check the titties for fucking lunch. No If you take pills do your man go have you taken your pills? No, we don't give a shit It's not your pills off the right movies Pills you sick bitch I Sound like maracas around here you sick And it's not because we don't care about you. It's just the way we care is not the way I do know Men don't care about health in general We don't care about being sick I should be getting prostate checks every week I Should be at least doing my own prostate check you can if your prostate swelter You could put your own finger in your booty right to see if your prostate swell because you you can't but all of that I'll never know because I'm not gonna I let my prostate fall out my ass over I'll be walking it'll fall on the ground. I'll be like is that my prostate just fill out my ass? And I still won't go to the hospital. I call one of my friends on the phone. Hey, man You prostate up before I'll chat What you do about it put some duct tape I put your duct tape It's beautiful of the love Telling you I'm diabetic man and you know I'm not gonna find a woman that gives his cares Just off the street There's diabetes look I don't first, but I don't support it. I If I didn't have it I could give it. It's just whatever though really Can't eat cookies bag it. I don't I don't But I got that miserable disease. It's just it's one of those it's deteriorate It's just a it's just a pain in the ass because I can't eat and drink what I want Like I can eat as many vegetables as I want But we should have all the Brussels sprouts you ever needed Why can't I eat pasta and cake but you can't and it hard it's like being addicted food is I'm telling you food is in every day Like I'd be like oh my god man food again. I got to think about every day. I got to think I go to sleep Thinking about food Tomorrow like what am I gonna do? I today I had salad and fruit and I I'm gonna celebrate tomorrow by having a whole Lambly To celebrate how good I ate yesterday. It's just a suffering And I understand being addicted any smokers smokers in anybody Smoking see and it's like and that's your young man's in but you know you know It's you know you don't you're good people you don't want die you know smokers are like you just know You're dying like And you're gonna get cancer like you know you're gonna get cancer and you're giving other people cancer Like I'm not a bad person. I just can't keep it. I can't keep it Down in my system And then the pack of cigarettes they used to say things like cigarettes possibly Might Caused you to be ill at some point you're like now they say that will kill you and you still And then you got the cigarette boxes in Canada you have to see can this anywhere They got dead babies on the box. I could just be a dead baby. Can you imagine smoking and rationalizing? Imagine you tell yourself you play man. I'm glad I made it past his age. God damn How old was he when he started smoking like But day old Jesus slowed down and he was a filter I saw some white chocolate cupid Oreos White Oreos dipped in chocolate man. I could it was I was in tears like Knowing I shouldn't eat it, but I was in pain Like gone all my god, and I'm talking my soccer. I can't eat these cookies man and they calling me and I'm praying to God And I'm and I'm lactose intolerant, but like if I eat these cookies, I got to drink milk to them Go out like a soldier's like whatever Then you say all kind of weird stuff to you to rationalize eating them. I'll be like you know what? I don't need both my feet. I'm not a I'm not a ballerina I need his ones I can drive my car I I'm gonna tell you a quick love story man. This is some of how much my girl love me and it's amazing You know like I said I'm diabetic man, but um, you know, it's true story when we have sex we're really Really dirty man. We're really dirty We pee on each other in the hole But that's don't get past that because this is true love so So I'm we having sex right about two years ago. This happened. We're having sex and then After what she's like, you know That was good, but I think we gotta go to the hospital get you checked out. I said why she's like because your pee tastes like birthday cake And It's in that love if you could get past the pee part. That's love right? What she's like, oh your pee is too delicious. I don't I don't like that She ain't gonna you pee in my mouth you nasty She's just like oh my god your pee tastes. I don't like the way it tastes it tastes scrumptious What am I doing? You see these three goofy girls look til I'm like me being like my Blame Means you're not gonna love me to the degree that I need to save my life are you know? I don't need you. I don't need you if you can taste my pee and go something's wrong. You need to go check yourself Judge me What's your woman bro? How long you guys been together 10 years Good good how long Took 23 years good y'all going y'all going raw You sticking raw you doing Look that she punched them you know what Let me explain she just hit him in his arm. I'm explain something The quicker that a man goes raw it makes him look like you don't go ahead Pamp you You got it in raw The quicker the woman goes raw it makes you look Yeah, look she makes you look bad Because safe sex is a woman's responsibility You Because men are trying to do it the first Second we meet look My protection is just I do this And I just go Just not AIDS God Oh Please don't let me get sick and die It is your Responsibility Yep When did y'all decide to do it? How long did it take bro? How long did it take? It took a while was a while What's a while of you Hey, did you do the old bagless trick where you were just slowly like just try to put it in without And you just hopefully she stopped you that that old trick like okay All right, it's getting closer and I think I'm gonna I ain't got none on it yet. And then it's not getting real close. She'd be like no she gonna let me It's David We both gonna die Oh We gonna die she's let me go wrong But we won't stop them oh Stop me And I can't use no condom no more it's over condom days I probably pull a trash bag on my shit. It just Want like the one when he was It's just dead I have to see if my balls can fit in there too like all right, how's that baby? It both in there soft, but his balls and dick is in there. You okay? How's that feel filled up? You feel filled up? I I'm gonna do I'm gonna show you some ladies right? Let me show you some here's why you should be responsible for safe sex All right, how many guys in here honestly have used the dental dam before You know what a dental dam is you do no one's ever used one before See see what I'm saying you see what I'm saying about the condoms y'all this bike put that condom on But you know the dental dam is it's a piece of a trash bag, right? About as big as a napkin that you flip out and you lay it over a woman's vagina Just in case you know, it's it's poison To protect us from imminent danger, but We don't use it because you'll be insulted if I'm getting way out of sex with you and I pull out a piece of a trash bag And you go, uh, what is that? Oh, I'm just gonna lay that over you vagina Just in case it kills me I'm sorry. What did you say and we see that face like nothing forget it don't even pretend out of you and see that I rather die in And soak my way out of some pussy. I'd rather just get what you got No offense But that's us We are not like you Understand that We're good creatures special. We are, but we just not like you. We're not like we don't tell the truth And the reason is because we cannot Truth is uh, there's what truth is truth is a Feeling that goes from your gut to your mouth instantaneously Women get to be truthful you get to say and you say any kind of foul because you don't have an editing It just comes up. I just two plus two is seven Just say it. I don't care and you'd be like it's it's four This whatever I want Ah, I'm gonna talk if I feel like Men don't do that we can't be honest with you man truth is cruel If we told you the truth all the time that's cruelty Men men go from our gut and then it stops at the heart Where we edit it We edit what this was what this was was going to be foul. So I'm not going to say what this was And then it goes into the brain for further Touch-ups, you know analysis Okay, all right that sounds good and then you say it we don't just spew stuff out man because how we really feel about you It's just it's not it's not cool Like this how we feel about you you said 10 years let me ask you a question honestly. What's your daydream on how to kill her Here's where you messing up. I'm gonna tell you where you messing up He goes he says to me. Hey man, you trying to get me killed? It's do you see how we can't tell the truth? The the lie right that means that he thinks about it see did you understand what say? You should say I don't think about killing my woman, but you go you try to get me killed If I tell you how I kill this bitch she gonna kill me So your mom will get it out now. How do you kill them man? Just so she know how do you daydream about it Spitted out she's looking at it's all just Sweetie. I'm trying to let you understand what you're dealing with I'm just saying the fact that you're alive means he's didn't go through with it And I'm gonna tell you why why guys think about Killing-a women. It's because we love you Because I want you out of my life But I don't want to hurt your feelings So I'd rather you be dead Didn't to break your heart So we think about how do we kill this and get away how do you do it bro? I tell you how I kill my girl. I put a pillow overhead And shoot a twice for the silence And the feathers come up and I look under the pillow and I still be opening. I close eye. I close eye And I kiss her softly on her face, but she's dead You might as well spit it out because it'll help you now because it'll be you can blame it on all the whole situation Instead of later when she's like so Puerto Riga right Cuban oh lord have like Whatever she's whatever accent and whatever anger she does in Spanish. She's gonna be on you See miles will just say think about it She gonna be on you. What is it? What are you? And look at I don't condone violence against women, but I do condone thinking about it because Sometimes it's like how do I get you out of my face? It's just like what what do you do? What are girls in your face? I especially black women because you know what This is probably more important to white women because white women you do stuff to get killed People kill you your husbands kill you Black women do stuff to get hit like they make you want to hit them Because they being your face like they can whoop your ass Hey, you be like I'm gonna put this bitch to a bitch tank Don't get in my face because I can't even hit you I can't even poke you hard like don't Don't press me like that. What's he gonna do? I wish you like my god man get out of my face I've never hit a woman man. I've never needed to and I've been like wow man. This will be so much easier If I could but I just you just you just like I never even mushed a woman any woman every day mush You know what a mushing is? You don't even know what mushing is do you know what mushing is? You yeah, see look at the black girl right there So show show but then she put a whole hand over there It's a it's a it's a non-violent You Movement When you're in my face, and it's just to it just moves you And sometimes a twist It's just get out of my face please I don't know one much now. I've never done it. I've come close, but I'm too scared I don't want to go to jail over nonsense man Jail said I don't do that Pushed you know, I want to mush a girl get out of here. She stumbled back crack ahead and You know she laying on the ground doing the uh the whole Kogan from the 80s like I'm like oh my god. I'm lifting a hand. I'm like the referee like oh come on bitch Please get up and she just and on the third one. I'm hoping she go like this like oh I'm still living brother. Are you okay? Okay? Oh She's living White women though, I'm gonna tell you why you get killed and then this is a I'm from Boston man I got a PhD in white people man. I grew up around I White women you don't scream at your men. I never seen a white woman really go ah Tramman what what but you do something different you don't scream, but you you uh You say like really terrible things In his ears so only he can hear it and it starts to like a braid and whittle His spirit uh down Like really foul stuff but nice like you know what your mother's breath stinks When you get close enough to my mom I don't have to it stinks from here And I'm gonna fuck your friend fill up I'm gonna fuck by her and as soon as you go to work And then This is over years and you just you just And so all you got left is murder you just kill her Because you died no more spirit left the spirit is gone. Serious man If you want to understand men ladies, I'm look I'm here for you I'm just telling you what we are what we are you know not who we are what we are Just like what we are that that makes us struggle and really men are perfect creatures except for you know one Like if most women would want to be a man If you didn't have to give up that power that you have Which is our weakness That's our weakness. It's very difficult. I'm telling you man like I don't want to want to be with other women ever Like I want to just walk down the street and go I never need to look at another woman again because I'm with The last woman I'm ever going to be and I like But it ain't real it's just Like no guy wants to cheat and hurt his woman man that hurts first of all think about what cheating is for second ladies Cheating is a man. He sneaks out of his own house To go like find some happiness behind your back So your feelings on hurt Cheating is for you. It's not It's not for me We don't want to hurt you if you give a lie detector to To a man and a woman and ask them the same questions man We would pass them both up to a point where it's like hey Ask a woman you love your man you love your family you love your home you love what you built. Yep All right You see Brad Pitt or Denzel Washington whatever standing there would you risk everything you built with your man Just to sleep with him and women look they're gonna know wouldn't and they'll pass the test They'd be like, you know, I it's they look good, but I wouldn't Ask guys the same thing, you know, boom love your woman the kids the hot yeah, all right you You see that girl passed out behind the dumpster Could you risk everything for a passed out woman behind the dumpster I Don't want to but look at her with garbage on she looks so cute with garbage You ever discussed three since gorgeous You never had it's three some discussion with your man after ten years like just even talk to him about it Just to talk like because of the makeup wouldn't just a nice three-some talk make you feel like oh man Just cool that she lets me get a little bit of that evil all right And by the way ladies a three-some is two girls and a guy The girls be thinking what about oh two guys and a girl is a train that is me and him I don't even know him Hey, better not look me in the face like They could just get your digs. So why are you staring at me Let me fuck my half of the torso Catch this nigga blinking at me while I'm trying to fuck my half of the body damn Damn I don't have train at it yet You You don't understand that right women don't relate to that crap because you don't understand how much uh To get sexual guy man, it's hard it's harder to find it's harder to get sex than it is to find love I've swear to God women hold down. They you've got to be smooth to get I'm telling you to get through that because women are like the beef eaters From England with the big hats and them dudes be Who Who goes there you trying to like charm your way and to the palace and you just be like Tickle tickle baby tickle tickle She's just you're not gonna get through oh come on And and that skill women on you don't have it and because you don't need it You don't have to have swag to get something to night you don't you can just point at it You can look at a guy right catches eye and go like this and you go me and then you just point right in And don't be sexy don't be like oh just just Hey, he'll look around for a minute to make sure it ain't a trick like Oh Masters is giving up what's he bad what am I doing? What did you say no We're like uh I'm trying to like make it so women just like understand a little bit of like just sympathize It's like we're like sport fishermen. This is what I'm saying That's what men are we I mean being with one woman. I mean for real ladies if you just said thank you To your man for being faithful. You just go thank you man. Thank you for fighting Give me like damn and if you if he told his friends That you thanked him for fighting hard and not cheating his friends you like what Like they would look at you like you was amazing. It's simple Men like to fish And sport fishing is different from catching fish for food. You just get it you get it you catch it and you you know you you show your friends You Because you want them to know that you you can catch fish You take a couple of pitches so you can show people to fish That you have the ability to catch And then you release it back into the water But a lot of women in here you have boyfriends or husbands You were fish that jump back on the boat And And just was like flapping looking at me like Hi, I was wondering if you're going to be fishing here again next week like Yeah for other fish get off my boat Is that how you treat all the fish? You'd be like oh god damn No, I'm sorry. It's me to you the last fish I ever wanted to be with now you stuck Stuck with the last fish who was loving you and fighting hard to be on your boat Then she got comfortable and now she's started doing this. He's like so We've been together for like A year now. Why do you still have a boat you'd be like So what you trying to say I can't catch fish no more? Why do you need to catch a fish? Because if I lose my ability to catch fish Then you're not going to find me sexy no more. So you got to smell fish on me So that you know I can catch fish so you can act right I That's like guys you meet your girl she was a hoe Like had hoe like she put old booty and isn't that you got to let her do that Don't start trying to frumper up and get a fat and get a foul Because that's why you like her. I don't want no woman that no other guy's trying to fuck I don't want a woman that I can send to the store at two in the morning Because nobody's gonna try to rape her like I go Go get some bread and three in the morning. Hey cook through the alley bitch They like talk to the junkies they don't want a dang-eyed dental like you You And I'm just I'm look I'm to be fair to women um You know it's look god has been very uh cruel To you being a woman as a creature. I think it's just it's just unfair. I wouldn't want to be a woman. It's just I mean like your period like I look I look at that and You see what my woman go through Every month like if my nose bled Every month I think I would kill myself. I would be like oh my god You got to stick something in your nose with a string hanging out Gotta take that out whatever you seven seconds or whatever and Five days before your nose bleed you know it's going to bleed but you don't know When so you just sitting there like when Is my nose going to start bleeding? Oh my god And then if your nose don't bleed when I suppose you're like I My nose is supposed to be bleeding by now I'm gonna go to the hospital but it's not bleeding soon And y'all get horny and My woman gets horny oh Oh my god And I ain't down with that and I see her face like if I would do it one time It probably would change her life like she would be just so grateful, but I just can't She's like come on This lady's gonna live in tow or something And I was going to do it one time and then I googled the whole cycle It's all kind of stuff that I don't I sharpened a mob stick every month. I just poke I go yeah, get back Yeah back get in the closet get in I started some raw meat under the door eat that for a week. Ah get back It's shocking Like I know look like I said I'm 40 I can feel I can feel my sex drive right I still love women But I don't feel like I feel like I have your sex like that But I still love looking at him like oh But here's what god did for men he turned my hornyness Into creepiness like so I could have a good time sitting at the mall watching chicks trying on sneakers at the foot locker With the creepy face like Hmm I'm good for the day But women you don't get creepy You get one here as you get older It's weird you want to do all your sex in between the ages of 30 and 50 That's when you want it But here's how sad things are the value of a giant is only good from 18 to 29 I Will see get old like bread not like wine it I don't want the way to to bring me a vintage glass of twat you be like would you like a 52 Stinky virginity From the funk punk region you'd be like good you ain't got a better year than that you ain't got a 89 down in 89 Okay, what it is water just 89 I'm not saying you you're not sexy if you if you 40 whatever I'm not I'm your beautiful whatever I'm just saying 20 is just 20 20 Who's 20 now y'all do you Older than 20 I hear it in your voice. It's not like you chew cigarettes. He's just like As cute as you are you can hear it Was women who are not 20 did you see what happened she raised her hand fast 20 Yeah Um Oh, that then 20 20 years god I bet you're pussy tastes like hope Oh, sorry, that's just ridiculous But That's the difference difference between 40 old coach and 20 It's the amount of time I wait that's it 20 I wait forever just wait in the corner like oh, it's going to happen I am going to wait for this 20 year oldness 40 I want a date Two dates two dates and then you gotta start rolling them old draws down From where it is pulled up to the broth I'm not saying you're not sexy if you if it's for I'm not I'm just saying it's the time that's it Like I want it now if I'm willing to eat some stale cracker jacks. I'll eat Some stale cracker jacks, but I want to I'm right I If I say him and I'm stale cracker jacks right there and you go come and get them I'm like Just throw them on the floor They old the boxes open There's no prize in a way to magnifying glass One peanut get pick it out of here They can be crawled around for old cracker jacks And you really have a laugh at that ladies if You just it's just not fun for you nothing's fun sex isn't fun sex is so much fun for dudes Because we got a money shot you don't understand what is like to see The the feeling like we both have orgasms Oh Men have a receipt like we We see it and it's a payoff you'd be like I am satisfied because that's what it is right look at You don't think you'd be happier ladies if you could just Have a if you could just shoot a couple of eggs in a guy's face you just By don't talk to this for help you want to be happy you don't And he's just sitting there You go oh, I felt good growing the bathroom and washing face you walking your batter Oh Why are you so aggressive you like shut up bagging Maybe I'll make me a grilled cheese sandwich Oh Call your friends on the phone I just ain't gonna top it his head Don't tell your friends are busy shout out she already knows I ain't gonna top your head already Hey Oh Call your mother You
Oh, yes. Thank you for coming out in horrible weather for this. I appreciate it. It's a good time to be alive. Great time to be a man. Right? The bar is nice and low. It's nice. I was with a girl the other night. She said, I don't think we should have sex. I was like, oh, that's cool. And then she goes, wow, you're a great guy. I was like, that's all it takes. I'm pretty sure the alternative is a felony. I don't know if I'm a great guy, but I'll take it. I had a good mom growing up. Ever since I was a little kid, my mom would say, no means no. And she was talking about cookies, but I put it together. You know? I met a girl after a show in Florida. I'm not bragging, but I do pretty well in Tampa. She said, I'll drive you back to your hotel, but there's no way that I'm coming up stairs. I said, whatever you want to do is fine with me. So we're in the parking lot. We're making out. She said, all right, I'll come upstairs. But there is no way that you're getting laid. And I was like, am I being recorded right now? This feels like a Me Too sting operation. So very loudly into her chest, I said, that's totally cool. This is Samarral March 22, 2018. Time stamp. No, I like consent. Consent is this shit. Consent, that's the best part of the consent. Sometimes I get the consent. And then I just go home and I jack off instead. Get a good eight hours of sleep. My friends asked, did you get laid last night? I say no, but I got the consent. So pretty cool. Now I take the Me Too movement very seriously. I won't even watch office porn anymore. That's how you can laugh. It's a nice gesture. It is. I used to like office porn, but now I see it. And I'm like, he should not have done that. There should be a guy that comes out the end like, yeah, he doesn't work here anymore. That was crazy. There was this gay porn star who was reading about this guy. That's how I know this. And he, I do a lot of reading. And he got banned from all these porn sites because he has Nazi tattoos on his chest. Would you got to be kind of a scumbag for porn sites to be like, this doesn't really align with our values. We're kind of a family here at GangFuck.net. And we're disappointed. It was hard to me to come out tonight. It's not the weather. My neighbors are breaking up, and I didn't want to miss it. It sounds very painful for them, so I don't feel good about it. But have you ever heard a relationship unravel from the comfort of your own couch? It's kind of nice. I'll be watching the game. I hear the fight start, and I have to hit mute so I can listen. I was watching tennis, and I just overheard it go, oh, yeah. And I was like, click. She just yells out, you have a tiny dick. And I was like, cancel my plan. This is more important. And then he goes, oh, yeah, you're a fucking bitch. Now look, all right, so far she's winning, for sure. Not even close. And then she goes, oh, yeah, your dick is so small. So she's recycling material, but still a devastating blow. Not easy to come back from. And then he yells out, oh, yeah, well, you're pussy stinks. And I was like, all right, we got a match on our hands here. Yeah. And it's going back and forth so much. I don't want to start to sink up with a tennis match. Where it's like, tiny dick, stinky pussy, tiny dick, stinky pussy. So finally at the knock on the door, I said, hey, it's Sam from across the hall. Long time listen, her first time knock. You guys are killing it. I wore a little referee shirt. I said, both you should drop your pants. I'll settle this shit right now. Breakups, man, they're painful, right? They don't feel good. I got a text from my ex not too long ago. She just said, just out of the blue, she would just see, no, I'm seeing this new guy. And I wrote back, oh, wow, OK. And then she wrote, what? You didn't think I was ever going to date, ever again? And I said, no, I didn't remember signing up for the push notifications. You know, I'd like to hear less from you and the Huff Poe if possible. But neither of you will leave me be. You know the problem is we have sex at one more kid. But we need relationship, Ed. That's where you need the help. I don't need help with that up at a condom on it. I need help with what to do when she starts packing her shit. That's where I need the guidance. She's like, I don't love you anymore. And I'm like, cool. Coach Mitchell did not cover this part, but I could show you with a clitish. She's like, now it's not a good time. I got it. Keep me posted. I work condom every time you have to. It's not fun, but you got to do it. It's like doing volunteer work. Because during, I'm like this kind of sucks. But in afterwards, I'm only thinking, good for me. I do it for the kids. That's why. Got to work condom. It's not the best. But you know, lambskin. Anyone do a lambskin condom? Yeah, you do it? What do you think? You like it? It's so much better. It is. Yeah, no one else is just me and who are the only shepherds in the house tonight would happen. It is good. It feels better. Here's how you do it. If you don't know, you fucking a lambskin. And then you eat a gyro. And then you go out in a wool sweater. You got to use the entire animal. That's how you do it. I feel bad in relationships, because I'm very disappointing, you know? I really am. I think women are like, he's a comic. He'll be fun. I'm fun. There's other stuff. I'm like the Dominican Republic, you know? I'm grateful like five days. And then, then you're like, oh, this has some problems. I was not aware of. I'm not Haiti, but I'm in the vicinity of what that is. Weird time. And I feel for your women. Look, the Me Too stuff I get it. It's a very emotional issue. It's also a very important issue. It's a weird combo, though. You know, sometimes we'll see posted as a man. It doesn't fully resonate. I saw posted the other day. So there's nothing more feared than an intelligent woman. I was like, that's not true. It's not even in my top five. And I frayed an easily, but I've never been on the subway at 2 in the morning. I've been like, oh, no. This looks like a pack of allotic Torians right here. I'm just hoping I'm not soon to come out. So much has changed. It's kind of crazy. You think about it. I think about some of these movies from the 80s, these sex comedies, like Porquies or Vendor the Nurse. I love those movies. They always had that scummy best friend. You know, the guy I'm talking about, he always asked questions like, did you get laid last night? And we said, no, it'd be like, this guy blew it. I miss that character because it's going to be extinct. They're going to remake these movies. They're going to have to write in a woke best friend. Some guy like, did you smash last night? Nah, we just talked. And he's like, well, sometimes a conversation is equally fulfilling. So that's kind of cool. A lot's changed. Some of it's further better, obviously. I remember in college, not that long ago, they would say things like, don't go to that frat house. They roofie. That's a thing they would say out loud. And they'd be like, oh, my god, should we do something? They're like, no, just don't go there. That's it? I got roofied at a party in college by accident, but you know, it's still counts. It's obviously was an accident. No one at the party was like, I'm going to roofie that hairy boy over there. Let me fuck a past that werewolf tonight. That is male privilege right there, isn't it? I just told a room full of people. I got roofied. I did not see one concerned face in here. Everyone in here is like, I assume things worked out for you. And they did. Still weird, though. He's what happened. I was at a party and this guy handed a girl a drink. And she said, I'm too drunk. And I said, I'll drink it. And he gave me this hateful look. And I thought, why is this guy so mad at me? And then I chugged it and I woke up the next morning and I was like, oh, that guy's a sexual predator. And my friend said, you ruined his night. And I was like, that's not how I want to think about it. You don't want to think of yourself as a cop block to some monster. I prefer to think of myself as an accidental hero. I have negative one rapes. So, you know, statistically, you know, I can't. You guys. I can't take all the credit, you know? It's kind of like if I was driving drunk and I just swerved and accidentally hit a mugger. And some woman is like, my hero. And I'm like, if you say so, but I might have a substance abuse problem. So, it's hard not to drink, man. It's very hard. I work in a place where there's a bar every night. I've been trying to be good. It's very difficult. I wrote this article and said, try to replace drinking with another activity, like tennis with a friend. I was like, yeah, that's a very helpful example. That's always a crossroads. I find myself at a 457 a.m. I can't tell you how often I'm coming out of a blackout. Like, fuck, I should have done doubles instead. That's... I brought my Wilson racket and everything. You tell me to replace an addiction with cardio. That's very helpful. I'm going to start walking in halfway houses for the crackheads. Like, have you guys done Zoom, but it's so much better than crack? To like, thanks. We didn't know. That was helpful. Of course you want to get fucked up. Have you tried living? I'm happy and I want to get fucked up. Have you watched the news? It makes you want to drink. Another mass shooting after another mass shooting. It's always the same thing too. It's always some guy who's like, I heard voices in my head. We all do. Everyone hears voices in their head. Good people just don't listen to them. If I listened to all the voices in my head, I would be a sometimes gay street fighter. So... I know. It sounds like a confusing video game. It's not. Why is he haunt a butt-fucking-me? Wow. That's his finisher. Every mass shooter, it was a very quiet man. That should be part of the background check for guns, right? You want this gun. You better be fucking chatty. Whoa. Do my podcast. We'll see if you're an extrovert. I don't trust it. It's a sad time to live in. Well, they're school shootings now. It's horrible. Because now getting held back is a real threat. Yeah. Do you want to go to summer school, please? I've already done two tours of freshman year. I don't want to. Some of these jokes that content you're not going to like, but structurally, they're going to be really solid. So that's... That helps. It does help with it. Look. The... The... The shootings are so senseless and horrible that sometimes these anchors try to make sense of them on the news and they try to sound profound. It just comes out wrong. I was watching the sky after a shooting and he said, now would be a good time to be around people. I was like, yeah, that sounds a lot like where the tragedy happens. So I'm going to stay at home alone. And if I die, it's going to be from autorotic asphyxiation, OK? On my terms. That's a better way to act. That's all I want to go. Peacefully in my own hotel closet. That's a weird fetish, right? Autorotic asphyxiation. You got to choke yourself to calm. I don't know. How'd you even find out you were in a bed? Are you just jerking off in a turtle neck? You're like, hmm... I like what this is going. A little more pressure. I was just in California. They've a 10-day wait for the guns. That's a good rule. A gun should never be an impulse by. You should never be returning the gun. Like, we made up, so... You know what's weird? They always bring up the founding fathers. Every gun debate, they bring up the founding fathers, right? They would say the founding fathers had guns. They did. They also had wigs. It was a... It was a long time ago. That's how long ago it was. I thought a powdered wig was a good look, so... That's my stance on guns. You get a vagon, but I think you should have to wear the wig. Right? Because at least then... At least then I can tell who's dangerous from afar. I'm trying to get in my apartment at 2am, and I turn around and see a Ben Franklin look in another front. I just hope that's not an intelligent woman, honestly. That's not true. Yeah. Yeah. So you get to go in the hood. It's going to look like the cast of Hamilton. But... They always bring up the founding fathers. They never mentioned the fact these people had a life expectancy of the mid-30s, so it probably wasn't a big deal when they got shot. I would assume most funerals were like, look, he had three to five years left top, so... That's like getting shot now in your 80s, which would almost be kind of cool. How would you rather die connected to tubes for three months? Would you rather go out like a G? I want to die in my 80s and a gang related incident. I want my obituary to say, comedian Sam Morrell was shot dead today at the age of 87. His last words, Thug Life, as he emptied the clip. There's so much to be scared of, too, isn't there? In cells, there are new words you have to learn. In cells, the involuntary celibates, they don't get laid so they become terrorists, and they look a lot like me. It's very upsetting. But that's a certain type of person, because I have married friends that don't get laid. They even made the jump to ISIS, but maybe they should. ISIS lacks that type of diversity. They don't have enough divorce men. Just a bunch of dudes. Death to the infidel is a one guy like, also Karen. I mean, we got to kill Karen, too, right? You ever read the botched terrorist missions? Those are my favorites. The ones who couldn't cut it. There were these guys around 9-11. They were getting too drunk at strip clubs in Florida. I love the fact they can come to this country hating us, and then you go to a few strip clubs, and you're like, they're not that bad. It turned out to be a false report, though, because they said they were going to strip clubs and dive bars and even college parties. I was like, oh man, that's such a bummer. Because that's where you want to meet a terrorist, like a mixer. They're like, we used to be al Qaeda. Now we're Sigma-Kai. So the objective is still versions, but you know. LAUGHTER I think about it all the time. I think about all these scary ways you could die traveling. I read this story about a depressed pilot who knows Dova Plain and killed all these people on board. So that's got to be a bummer. You know what the first thing I say when I get on flights now is I say, what a lovely day it is to be alive. And I just, I hope that positive energy trickles its way into the cockpit. I'm like, yeah, it is good. Because I'll be on flights sometimes and the pilot comes on, he's cheesy and people roll their eyes. But that's what you want. That guy's still trying. What do you want to down in the dumps, Captain? Hey, this is your pilot. It's going to be a bumpy ride. But you know, that's life. It's hard. So... Says it's going to be a six hour trip. We're going to land way sooner than that. So... Buckle up or don't. It doesn't matter. I'm going to murder you. Thanks for flying spirit. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Depression, man. The depression is real. It really is. I... Someone sent me a very helpful article in depression recently. It said, uh... It said, these are the foods you got to eat. If you're depressed, which thank God, that's... If you're at that point, just end it. Honestly. Is that... Has that ever turned it around for anyone? I was going to jump off a roof, but then I ate some dried mangoes. And... I'm feeling good. They find your corpse on the sidewalk. I don't understand. He ate so many cashews. Why would he... I'm not built for air travel. I'm sick three. I'm lanky. I'm kind of weak, you know. I got a middle seat on my way back from LA recently. I get up to use the bathroom. I come back. The guy in the Iowa's sleeping, which is very annoying, because she knew I was coming back. There's no skydiving option on board. Okay, I had to return. And now I have to make the decision, do I wake him up and piss him off? Or do I mount? I think I'm more flexible than I am, so I elected to mount. And I have just horrible lateral balance. I did not stick the landing. My leg comes down on his leg. I'm on top of the guy. As I'm on top, I see his little sleeping mask come up. What do you do, you know? I kiss him on the mouth. That's what I do. There was nothing sexual about it. There was a Godfather too afraid, okay? I said, I knew it was you. Mostly because you were sitting here before, but... No, I'm not built for this travel type lifestyle. It's not working for me. I had to see a sports medicine doctor about my back. And he gave me muscle relaxers. I said, hey, can I drink on these? And he said, absolutely. I was like, are you sure? And he said, I do. And I was like, that wasn't the question. And he said, are you sure it's not going to mess my liver up? He said, it'll fuck it up real bad. They're all right. He's not my doctor anymore. But we do hang out. He's cool. This guy texts me all the time. He texts me the other day, you know, what the fuck is up? And I was like, what medical school did you go to? I'm going to guess the Cayman Islands, you know? He tells me to swim at the rec center because of my back. I love it. I love the rec center. I don't know if we've ever been there as a Jew. It's fantastic. It's just old Jews and Japanese men. If you had it bad during World War II, this is your spot. Okay? Fantastic. Every time I go swimming, there's a morbidly obese woman on a noodle. She's just floating horizontally across the lab lanes. And we just swim around her like she's not there. Part of the rec center code. And I can tell when there's a new guy because he looks confused and I say, that's Kathy. I go right, you go left who developed a system. Then on the wall, it says rule number one, no swimming with diarrhea, which I'm like, all right. I agree. I kind of wish it weren't rule number one. I don't know who that rule is for. The most motivated human who's ever lived. Some guy at home like, oh, I'm still going. But... Rule number two, most weight two weeks after having diarrhea to swim in the pool and I was like, all right, right out of the gate, mostly diarrhea related rules. You know, clearly there's an incident that we're dancing around here. You know you didn't pick a first-rate exercise facility when all the rules were like, could you not? Should've done our stuff, it's been a problem. I love this place. Everything about it's off. I went to the bathroom. I knocked on the door and the guy in the bathroom yells out, who weighs it. That's not what you're supposed to say. You're supposed to say I'm in here. You're not supposed to be expecting company in the men's rec room bathroom. But I figured I'd give it a shot so I said it's Sam and he goes, no. No. There was a right answer. You're going to hate this next show, but I'm going to do it anyway. This is how bad my back was. I read a headline in the paper that said, Graveyard Worker had sex with over 100 dead bodies. And my first thought was, that there's a lot of digging. You know? I know that's a horrible person, but that's also an unattainable fitness goal for me. And I would kill for that core strength. How much true crime is there going to be? Are you guys watching this like me? It's so addictive, yeah. Give it up for all these murderers, for all this great content. You keep killing, we'll keep watching. That's what I say. I don't want to point fingers here, but you women are getting murdered at an alarming rate. I don't know if you're paying attention. I would recommend never going home with us ever. If a woman goes home with you, she really trusts you or she's taking a chance, you know? So whenever I open the door, I always turn her and I say, hey, thanks for rolling the dice, you know? I appreciate it. That's all I watch is murder and stand up. I've been doing this for a while. I see comics sometimes on Netflix. I'm like, this guy fucking stinks. I wonder if murderers watch true crime. Like, this is pretty disappointing. I'm sorry. Three murders in five years. I should be the one on television. We all do it. We're getting desensitized. You ever just watch four straight episodes of the Law and Order SVU and it hits you? Like, that was probably too much rape for a Sunday. I don't know. I'm not even paying attention. I'm folding laundry and I'm thinking, when did this become background noise in my life? I should not be consuming SVU like it's smooth jazz, you know? The darkest plots you've ever seen. I'm watching when the mouse pushed a baby in the stroller. She turned around for a second and turns back around. The baby's gone. That's not even bad parenting. That's incredibly efficient kidnapping, by the way. You got to give credit where credits do, because she was crying. I'm a horrible mother and I was like, no, you went into one of the greats. That was... That was like the Steph Curry of abduction. That was pretty flawless. See it on these dating sites too? I read this article and said that you got to be careful on dating apps now because there are these gangs all post pictures of really hot women and then you show up on the day and they just rob and beat the shiret at you. That's got to be a bummer. You guys had already sucks when it doesn't look like the picture. That's got to suck actually. You show up for your date at 2am at the bridge and eight dudes are walking toward you and you're like, Kathleen. I was at an Uber right after a break up. You ever just overshare with the driver? He said, how are you? He said, I had this break up. He said, let me tell you some shit about breakups. In the second he said that I thought, I might have fucked up. He said, you know what I did with my girlfriend left? And I said, what? He said, I fucked everyone. You think that helped? And I said, now, and he said, it did. All right. He said, you know what else I did? I called her up. I told her all about it. You think that helped? And I said, God, now, and he said, it did. And I said, I'm going to stop guessing because you're very unpredictable. Went on for 20 more minutes. I finally got out of the car. I was like, do you think that was helpful for me at all? And he said, probably not. And I said, it was. APPLAUSE One of the hard things about dating now is a lot of younger people are meaner. They're very mean. That's how they flirt. I think it's called Negine. I was talking to her after a show. My poster was up and she goes, why are you looking really ugly in that picture? I said, oh, that's not very nice. And she goes, you're a comedian. I said, yeah, I'm also a human being. So I enjoy pleasant conversations as well. And I was wearing a striped sweater. So she goes, nice sweater to wear it on purpose. Or did you just escape a prison? LAUGHTER She said, prison. Which kind of bugged me. I was like, I feel like you don't know a lot about prison. LAUGHTER I said, I'd like to escape this conversation. She said, that's all you got. And I said, I have to be meaner to you to communicate. She said, hit me with your best shot. Mr. comedian, I said, rather not. She said, come on. So I said, all right, you're very pretty. And I'm very lonely. And I would still rather masturbate than pursue this. LAUGHTER Oh, yeah. So we're back in my place. And you know, yeah, it works. Negan works. I'll tell you, it really does. I was making an hour there. And they hit me. I don't even like this person. I'm thinking, what am I doing? I'm making an hour there. I said, maybe we should stop. And she was, what, you're rejecting me? And I said, I don't think there's a good idea. And she said, I'm really turned on. Now they were saying, no, to me. And I said, you seem like a pretty unhealthy person. She said, no one's ever rejected me. This is the most turned on I've ever been. And I said, well, then you're going to be super hot for this uber I just called you. OK. Hopefully get the guy I got. He loves to fuck. LAUGHTER I went on a date with the girl. She told me her last boy from her 60, which I thought was kind of shocking. I said, that's a pretty big age gap. She said, let me tell you something. There's no difference from a 30-year-old dick and a 60-year-old dick. And I said, I haven't done the research, but I feel like there is. I'm going to go with temperament. I think that's the difference. A young dick is like an intern, up at the crack of dawn, overeager, down for whatever. An old dick is like a CEO. He's like, this better be important. OK? I don't have a lot of time. So we're on the date. We're making out in the bar. She starts going underneath my pants. She just looks me dead and they're high. It goes, why aren't you erect? I was like, erect. What are you? Who talks like that? I'll tell you why, because we're kissing. I'm not 14. Have you seen the shit that's out there? You want to get me hard? Tell me your dental assistant. Your husband's coming home in five minutes. I'm going to talk. You know? I watch too much porn. So I do. I'm aware of it. You notice it while you're having sex sometimes. We're having sex and it was good. And while we're doing that, I just said, I will eat your butt. And she said, you don't have to do that. And I was like, thank you. I overextended myself. Thanks for catching that one in realness back. And you know? This porn is just not good. It's all these dark topics. I saw a taboo link on a porn site, so I clicked on it. And it was in Cess porn. I was like, all right, you call my bluff. That is taboo. Then the next one was interracial. And I was like, they should divide these up a little better. I don't know. What kind of racist porn site? Every porn category is just shit you should never do. Like fuck your best friend's mom. It's rude. Blackmail your boss. It's a place of business. It's criminal. We need some positive porn categories to rewire us. We need categories like a couple that's been together for a while. Fucks after autism benefit. You'd be like, all right, well, I'm not glad I jerked off at 2 p.m. But they raised a lot of money for those kids. Instead of the money shot, just a link that says donate now. This side of the room is really fucking into that joke, huh? And this side of the room is Christian. They were raised well. I don't know, man. I'm happy I'm doing this in New York, you know? Because I've been on the road a lot. No, it's not. Not. Pander. So, no, I'm useless on the road. I can't drive. I can drive. But if you weren't a car with me, be like, pull over. I'm going to drive. It's not good. I'm bad and reckless. That's a bad combo. You ever get cut off by a reckless driver than you catch up with him? You got to see what they look like. It doesn't matter what race or gender. Every time I see what they look like, I'm always like, I fucking know it. Could just be a white guy in my classic. This is a classic white motherfucker. Takes what he wants, contributes nothing to society. I'm only going to do the example for white people. But, you know, you know, don't you get uneasy? I heard a guy yell at a cab driver the other day, he said, learn the goddamn language. Or is that some messed up, right? And guess what? Nice when they don't know the language, right? You ever call a car to the airport at 5am and you get a little Korean guy? I'm like, oh, this might be a nice quiet ride. And you get in the highway and he's like, weather is weird. You're like, fog. This jack-off learned the language. I'm a yellow cab, man. I don't like lift or Uber. I'm something I think. You know why? Because you rate them. They rate you. You're both on your best behavior. It feels like a first date. Even the way they pick you up feels like a blind day, right? They're like, are you Sam? And I'm like, yes. I like a yellow cab. It feels like a marriage. Neither of you are trying at all. The second you get in, he's mid-conversation on speakerphone. I'm in the backseat eating Caribbean street food. We're both hammered, you know? No one's putting on airs. You ask him, hey, can you drop me right in front of my apartment? And he's like, nah, I respect that. Good for you. Hold it in your ground there. I did nothing all day, man. I did nothing. I watched the news. I saw an anti-smoking ad. It's weird that they can do anti-smoking ads, but you can't do pro-sigarette commercials. Isn't that weird? They don't give them a rebuttal. And I'm not like a big cigarette guy, but I like when I'm drunk. Sometimes it's nice. I thought of a good pro-sigarette commercial. How about this for a casual smoker? A hot girl walks up to a guy in the bar and asks the bum a cigarette and he goes, oh, I don't smoke. So then she goes outside and bumps them from another guy and they go home together and they fuck, and that's the whole commercial. Then the end of just says, wouldn't kill you to carry a pack, you know? Malbrough, just in case. All right, I got some momentum. Let's break out the abortion jokes. So if there was ever a time, my friend just had one of her boyfriend and contribute to the cost that I thought was not cool, you know? She's going through, yeah, that's not a very noble stance, I don't think. That is how low the bar is. I'm like, guy should pay a little bit for the abortion. A woman like, he's a hero. He really is. No, even the most pro-life person I talk to was like, wow, chivalry is dead. That was the baby's name, chivalry. And, you know, dead. I'm just saying, that one's not for everybody that you have. I did that joke the other night and somebody yelled out, boo. I thought it was a baby's ghost, but, you know, I'm just, I'm just saying there's still gentlemen. If I knock you up in a knee and abortion, it's on the house. I'll fill my Delta Sky Miles card right on the counter. Are you sure, Sam? I got this. With all the rewards and benefits a Delta has to offer, I'd be a fool to do otherwise. I'm two to three abortions away from Diamond Medallion status. So, I'm losing some of you, but I'm going to take it a step further here. I think you should get extra Sky Miles points with an abortion, because that's one less crime baby on board, you know? That's, yeah. I don't... Me personally, I don't like doing that part of the joke, but I have a sponsorship deal with Delta. And, you know, it's... They get very upset when I leave it out. They docked me Biscoph cookies. Love those cookies. I was talking to a guy after a show. He told me there's going to be an anti-abortion parade, which I think he meant to say March, you know? I don't think there's going to be a parade, but if there is, I'll be there. I want to see what the floats look like. That one looks unfinished. That's what we're going for. Back to back abortion joke. They got greedy, guys. I did. I got a little greedy. APPLAUSE I'm a pretty liberal guy, but some of my friends now are so liberal that everything turns into slavery or the Holocaust and every conversation. You know what I'm talking about? I'm talking to my friend the other day, and he goes, Trump is Hitler. I said, all right, look. We don't know how hilarious Hitler would have been on social media. That's not fair. Hitler might have had a strong Twitter presence. Trapped in bunker. Sad. Adolf's trending. I came across this article the other day in the internet just had fun facts about Hitler, which I think is a great title. I've always said there aren't enough upbeat pieces on the fear. Fun fact about Hitler didn't pay income tax. We're very bad at managing his money, and I thought, man, it's too bad there wasn't a group of people that could help. You know? That's... Jews. So... That's... You know that joke did not hit Naples, Florida, OK? Terrible people. My least favorite city. I'll never go back. I bombed four straight nights. I got to an argument with an 80-something-year-old man I had a breakdown on the last show. I finally just said, I gotta get out of Naples and he goes, well, you're still here. I said, well, be out in the morning. You'll be in a casket soon. And he said, you'll have to put me there and I said, that's not how time works. And... It kept escalating back and forth. Finally, I hear a voice in the crowd yell out, grandpa, enough. That's Naples to me. My dad called me to check in. He said, how are you? I said, I'm in fucking Naples. And my dad goes, Italy and I was like, oh, no. These jokes are not taking me abroad, pops. I'm in Florida. The bad part. True story. I'm on stage there. I just... As I start to a bit, I go, so I'm in New York Jew and some of the crowd goes, ugh, no. Not a yes or no question. It's my heritage. Also, ugh, that's our sound. That's cultural appropriation, okay? Not all gigs are this fun, man. I think my mom worries about my career choice. Sometimes it'll be a bad gig. I do casino sometimes with the worst gigs ever. You know, they pay pretty well, but they're soul crushing. You just watch it, people stand up one by one and exit throughout the show. Some by Scooter, it's very jarring. But, uh... And the casino's not even mad because they want these people pissing away their money on the gambling floor. You know, so I go to apologize to management and they're like, no, you're doing a great job, man. You should bust out the abortion jokes earlier tomorrow night, because those went horribly. But I think she worries. My mom worries a lot. I was with her the other day on the street. We saw a dead bird and I said, ew, dead pigeon. My mom goes, don't touch it. I was like, what do you think happens when you're not around? You think I'm just walking around? Let me grab this shit right here. Oh, yeah. Lunch meat. I don't blame my mom for worrying. You know, I still get in trouble. I got assaulted in Burlington, Vermont earlier this year, which is not where your thing is going to happen. A lot of open-toed sandals, everyone's high. I thought it was safe, honestly, but they seem like nice people. Bernie even seems like a nice guy. I like Bernie Sanders, you know why? Because he debates the way I've argued with every woman and every relationship. I know it on a chance. I just want to get my ideas out there, you know? So I'm in Vermont and I'm out after the show. I'm having a couple beers with some comics where to bar two blocks from the venue. Some guy walks up to me. I can tell something's off about him. And he just looks at me and he goes, University of Vermont. And I said, no. And he goes, master's degree and I said, you're getting colder. And he said, I want to beat the shit out of all of you. But he's only looking at me. Yeah. And I looked him up and down, like, ah, he's bluffing. So I turn around. As I turn around, he grabs my shoulder, takes a pint glass, and smashes it over my head. And I thought, I poorly read that situation. He was not bluffing. So he runs out. They call the cops. And the first thing I say after he hangs up with the cops is I yell to the bar, you all heard him call me Jew boy before he did it. And they said, I didn't hear that. And I said, I did. And a Justice Millett tail is born. So they put him in the back seat. The cops get him very quickly. He wasn't getting far on foot. He's in the back seat of the car. The cops are examining to see how bad my injury is. They're taking glass out of my hair. And the cop asked, did he smash a pint glass on your head? And I said, it could have been a pint glass. It could have been a menorah. It happened very quickly. OK? And the cop asked, do you see Spinning? I said, like a dreidel. It's pretty rough. You know? Then finally I had to admit it wasn't a hate crime. And they took the guy away. And the bar manager turned me and he said, just see, no, this never happens here. And I was like, yeah, I figured. That'd be pretty weird if you were like, that was Scott. So Scott does that. I've unfortunately had a bad string of luck on the road. Some of it's my fault. That eight years ago I was drinking too much. I was a young comic on the road. I was in Seattle. I was hitting on a girl after the show. Every 30 seconds, a friend went lean in and go, not interested. Every 30 seconds, she could do a bit better than you. It would get progressively meaner. One point she goes, you're very unattractive. And I was a drunk kid. I just said, get some more Botox you lizard. I'm deeply ashamed of myself for saying that. And it's completely inappropriate. Although if you were there, you'd have been like, you nailed it, totally. But she seemed furious. I couldn't tell by her face, but she seemed very upset. Me and my friend were laughing. That's her laughing. I get popped in the face by her boyfriend. I deserved it. She was a lizard, but she was his lizard. And I thought it was cool that they stuck together, you know? But this was foreshadowing. A month later, I'm in Cleveland horrible time to be in Cleveland. It was when LeBron left the first time. OK, yeah, exactly. I don't know if you guys remember, but they did not take it well. And they made the mistake of having their whole economic plan at the time be LeBron. And that's it. So it was rough. And I love Cleveland. I've always had good times there. I like the people. It felt like the whole city got thumbed, because it was Valentine's Day, too. It was just a weird vibe. And I met this hot order woman after the show, and we hit it off. But she's there with a guy friend who's just a friend, but it's Valentine's Day. There's that weird energy in the air. He's kind of going for, I'm going for, and he's buying me drinks that keep an eye on me. And I'm accepting the drinks, because I lack character. So he gets up to go to the bathroom. And I asked her, do you want to get out of here? And she said, yeah, let's ditch him. This is how stupid I am. I take her to the bar next door. That's my getaway plan. I was like seven feet to the left. We got this. So we're doing shots. We're making out at the very romantic night. And I'm glad some people left of that. I can tell him in a shitty city when that doesn't get laughs at all. When people like, that's a very romantic night out. That's dry, humping, and the agar shots. That's how we did our 40th anniversary. So I finally said, hey, do you want to leave? And she said, I want to go back to your hotel. And I said, all right, then. So we go outside, the dude is standing right there. And I was like, oh, no. He goes, so there you guys are. What the fuck do you think you're going? And I said, oh, we're going to go back to my hotel. And he goes, oh, yeah, you're just going to fuck her and then fly back to New York. And I said, honestly, yes, that was the game plan. I was going to pitch it quite differently. I was going to say something romantic, like, shall we make love before my expedition or something else? I was going to liven it up a little. He gets closer and he goes, you want to fuck her. You got to fight me first. And that's the first time I noticed he was missing teeth. And I was like, oh, no. He's been down the shrill before. And I'm not going to fight him. So I've never had sex with anyone. I've been like, that was better than teeth. Never. After every one night standing, like, man, it's cool I could still eat apples after this. This is great. I run down to the hotel lobby. I grab me a Macintosh. I go about my day. So I said, hey, I'm not going to fight you. And he said, that's what I thought pussy. Come here, babe. It doesn't say a word to me. Just calls her over. She goes with him. They could leave a weird arrangement of some sort. They start walking away. As they walk away, there's a guy behind me and a white sweatshirt, matching white sweatpants. Very underdressed for Cleveland February. He's not quite sitting. He's not quite standing. He's almost perched. And as they walk away, he loudly says, I wasn't going to let anything happen to you. Uh, who are you? He walks over and he goes, I police this part of town. I said, you're a policeman? He's not. This man is obviously not with law enforcement of any kind. So I asked you work for the bar. He said, no. And I said, are you a vigilante of some sort? And he said, yeah. And he's in white. So I said, what's your superhero name? The snowflake. And he said, I go by the white night. And I'm just drunk enough to be like, hell, yeah. That's all I took. I'm like, this guy's legit. He's got a name. So we started chatting. I'm kind of baffled. I asked him, you just wait outside and break up fights. And he said, I protect downtown Cleveland. He said, haven't you been heard? He said, I've been stabbed twice. I was like, dude, why do you do this? He's like, fucking love Cleveland. That's why. And it's kind of touching, honestly. He's crazy, but he's loyal. They lost LeBron. They got this guy. It's a horrible train. Don't get me wrong. But this is what loyalty looks like. It's not always pretty. So we start taking a walk. I'm taking a little stroll with the white night. And we passed a comedy club. And my postures in the door and he said, you're a comedian. I said, yeah, I said, I can never do what you do. And I said, I could never do what you do. Either it's illegal and strange and quite alarming to be friends. So there's a real mutual admiration going on. You could say, and we start chatting for a while about life and love. You know, at one point he asked me, why don't you have a girlfriend on Valentine's Day? And I said, probably my life choices in my career. And he said, me too. And I said, we're not so different you and I white night. So we walked him back to the hotel. And he said, he's coming to my show tomorrow night. And I said, great. So I'll see you then. We exchange information as you do with vigilantes. And I wake up the next morning, head pound. Do you think it did that even happen? But of course it did. You don't daydream the white night. First email I see just as subject heading white night. And I thought, I think it's him. I don't know that many white nights. It's at Sam. It was such a pleasure to meet you last night. Unfortunately, something came up and I'm unable to attend your show this evening. Sincerely, your new friend and fan the white night in parentheses Joshua. That made me very happy. Jews are very underrepresented as superheroes. He's our black Panther. So I email him back. It bounces back. I email him again. It bounces back to the point that my disguise created a fake email account to contact me and then just disappear. It's very, it's like in Batman when he's talking to Commissioner Gordon and he turns away for a second turns back in Batman's gone. But you see the wind moving. He did that to me via email. It was always in the back of my head. Years go by. I never hear from it. But I always thought about it because I've had weird drunk nights. But this one's particularly strange. So it must have been six years later, I get an email out of the blue. Different email address, but it still says subject heading white night. And I thought, it's probably him. I don't have a large white night role index. So all I said was, saw you on Conan, funny shit, white night. And I wrote back, hell yeah, dude, you're still at the white nighting. I'm still doing comedy. We're both still in the game. And he wrote back, oh no, I no longer engage in white nighting. I now have a wife and a little boy. And we reside in the suburbs of Cleveland. And I was like this traitorous mother fucker. And then he wrote, how were you? And I said, I'm in fucking Naples. And he wrote back Italy. And I was like, yeah. Thank you so much for coming out guys. It's been amazing. I appreciate very much. All right. Thank you so much. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back.
Comedy Central presents... ...Nate Bargette. APPLAUSE Yes, you know. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Wow. Wow, everybody. Crazy. I'm proud of every one of you. All right, every one of you I'm proud of. Different. It is great to be here. Very fun to be in New York. I live here, so that's why it's fun. I am from Tennessee, though, originally. And I stubble a little bit of an accent. And they always come up and they're always like, Oh, what's up? Where's your accent from? I'm like, Tennessee. But I like it's cool. I have a cousin that lives in Florida. All right. I don't even... Are we just naming states? Is that what's going on? I don't know what. When I moved to New York, though, it's funny. It's like New York accent. It's a big melting pot. Because it's like all the different cultures. It's not a melting pot at all. It's actually a bunch of pots that one of the next their own kinds of pots. And not talk to other pots. Yeah. It's good stuff. It's good. My landlord is a Chinese pot. And... Which is fun. She only hires like old Chinese dudes to fix her stuff. So, like when they come over, like they don't speak English. And like, I'm not going to learn another language. I have barely knocked this one out. So... So when you fix this stuff, you got to just hope he does the right thing, you know, because you can't tell him not. Maybe he comes over and starts fixing the couch. You're like, all right. I guess that's what he's fixing today. I don't know why we would ask him to do that. But... One day he came over and our gas heat broke. So he comes over to fix it. And I'm staying outside. And I see him like... He's like downstairs. And you see like a fireball just explode like Adam. So, like he like... He runs outside. And you get like we're both standing there. And you could just see that we both wish we could talk to each other at that point. Or just like... That's all I got. I got nothing. I missed this. I missed going down there. I like him. I missed it like... I mean, I'm gonna go Walmart very easily. Well, Walmart guy. I like him. A lot of people don't like Walmart. They say it's big business. Like it kills the mom and pop shops. But really Walmart, they wear a mom and pop shop. At some point, and then they got their act together. And became unbelievable. So... Yeah, I just stuck with him. And then he got there. And he was like, Yeah, I just stuck with him. They're always open. Mama, pop shops close for no reason. You go in there like, why are you closing today? Like we're sad. You're like, all right, that's not even... That's not even a legit, legit thing. Walmart, you could shoot the entire staff. It would be an hour of confusion. And they'd be up and running again. That's how great Walmart is. It's unbelievable. The best. Went to school on Tennessee. Which is fun. I went to a community college for an entire year. And I do not have one credit. It didn't make... None of it counted. The reason is because I had to take remedial classes. So... Which remedial basically means you're like, look, we have no idea how you're high school that you leave. And we are shocked and we're actually going to look into it. But... But until the end, here's your class as you're going to take. Here's what I took. I took math. Like, I don't like the book said math. Like, that's what... How crazy is that? They stopped calling it math after like, six grade. I... I had to take reading. I took reading. I drove to that class. I drove to a reading class. I'm not even an immigrant. I am from here. I should have knocked that out years ago. And with reading, I think they were just impressed when you made it to the class. They were like, look, who made it today, buddy? You're like, fun, you guys. You guys are good. The best. And always, like, it shut down my dream because I wanted to play college basketball. And... That... I didn't work out. I didn't work out because I got cut every year for my high school basketball team. So, I had to play for my church because... Yeah. The church cannot cut you. They have to let you play, which is nice. That's a good, you know. I guess they could cut you. You'd be pretty bad if they'd look. We think you're good, but Jesus does not think that they're good. Yeah. He is our captain. And church ball was a lot different, too, because we played, it was a half-court, no three-point line. We played on carpet. That's your first sign. It's not going to count. And they didn't give us a basketball. We didn't have a ball. Like, we would just stand out there and play on honesty. So, you'd be like, I just made it. It was like, oh, that's a good shot. You're really good. I stole it. I forgive you for stealing it. You're a moral point. You can count later. You have to be careful. I just read about, there's this new device you can buy for your car. And it's got, it's like a key this device. And as you press it, it's got a heartbeat detector on it. So, you aim it at your car, you press it. If it flashes, that means like someone is in your car. And they're going to kill you. All right. It's not going to be good. So, you press it. If you want to buy it, it's like $550. If you do not have that money, you can do the old school route, which is just looking the window. It's either way, really. It's up to you. I told one guy that he tried to tell me that was for like, when people leave their babies in the car. Like, you know, like when you go out and you're like, I cannot remember if I brought my baby today. And I don't want to walk all the way back and check. Like, what if it's not there? If it's not there, I'm going to look like a jackass in front of my friends. I wish I could check secretly without everybody knowing. Here's my method for if someone's going to hide in my car and they're going to kill me. It's a huge fear of mine. So, what I do is, right when I start my car, I have journey, don't stop believing in my CD player. So, right when I start it, it's right on the don't stop believing part. Because that's a great song. Like, you couldn't commit a murder to that song. That is that good of a song. That guy would want to. And then he would like, just be fear, he would just get up and like, look, that's a really good tune. All right, you got me. And then you would climb up front and you become friends. And that's just a neat story. They were like, how do you know Dennis? He was a murderer. Turns out, pretty big journey fan. Actually, a good guy, once you get to know him. He's good. He's good. He's a good guy. Thank you. I've got to travel a lot, which is fun. I get to go, like, I get to go to like different countries. And I don't deserve to get, like, I don't know where these countries are at. I just go, I didn't learn about any of them. Like, I learned about Tennessee. I learned about the states that touched us in case they attacked. And yeah, and I was told the rest was Europe. And that's where all the gays lived. So I didn't have a passport, you know? How's it going? I got to go to Bahrain, which was fun. I, someone's from Bahrain. Are you really? That's crazy. I had no idea it was a country. I'll be honest with you. Three years ago, I'd called you to lawyer, because you're from Bahrain. I literally thought it was the guy we were meeting. Like, that's what I just assumed. I just walked around Bahrain's airport, like, hey, do you know this guy? Bahrain, he's supposed to meet us here. Is he somewhere near here? When we went to Bahrain, we were doing, we did call me for the troops. I don't have like a huge following in Bahrain. But I could start, though, with the one guy right here. So it's one end of time. So we go over there, and when you do come into the, you stay on an army base. But in Bahrain, you can actually leave the base and go to like the downtown Bahrain. So they tell you, when you go out there, they're like, look, it's safe. Just don't draw attention to yourself. So they're like, don't wear American t-shirts and stuff. And you're like, all right, let's find no American t-shirts. So what are you going to do about the white on my skin? Yeah. That's probably going to be the issue. If I, I don't want to come up, excuse me, are you Muslim? Southern Muslim, actually. Is that, my dad was a deacon. That, you know, I really want to go visit Cambodia. That's where it's at, guys. Like, I don't know where it's at, but I know that's where it's at. So that's the good part, you know. Here's what they have in Cambodia. This is a, for real legit tourist attraction that they have. You can shoot a rocket launcher at a cow. Yeah, that's one of their options. All right. And I know you're like, I bet it's pricey. So no, it's not, actually. It's very reasonably priced, which is nice. It's only four hundred bucks. That's not that bad of a deal to shoot a rocket launcher at a cow. And if you're like, well, what if we don't hit it? You know, is it really worth it to take the family there? Yes, it is. All right. No one hits it. Everyone shoots it. They're like, I do this a lot at home. Like, this is kind of... And they're good dudes. They give you 200 bucks back if you don't hit it. So that's a good business. Well, would you not support a business like that? My favorite thing was how they had to come up with that price, four hundred bucks. What on earth do you gauge that off of? Like, someone's like, 500. It's not get greedy with it. I feel... I've been doing some studies and you can fist fight a goat for a hundred bucks down the street. He's not even into it. We're using equipment, so... That would be an unbelievable way to hunt a rocket launcher. They just shoot at the woods and kill... That's like a buffet. You kill like a lot of stuff. That's nice. That would be fun. Animals have it the worst. They died terrible deaths. I heard a story. This kid. He had two goldfish. So he grabbed one of them. He squeezed it and exploded. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. I don't feel bad for that goldfish. Like, you know, he died quickly. I feel bad for the other goldfish that just has to deal with that trauma now. You know what I'm saying that would be? They're not gonna buy this kid another fish. He's killing them. Imagine if you were locked in a room with someone and they just exploded. It would change your life forever. You're like, can I get something else to talk to? They're like, no. You're like, what? I should go deal with this in my own head. I'm not the worst life ever. I still like to eat animals too though. Like, I don't, that story doesn't have any naughty animals. I like chicken a lot. I'm a big fan of chicken. It's weird now because I went to the store the other day to buy some home. And when I was there, they have now they have like two kinds of chicken that you can buy. So they have a free range chicken is one. And then they have, I guess, like a not free range. Like I think his parents were divorced or something. I don't know. So they want you to eat the free range chicken, which is a chicken that is allowed to roam free. Obviously not now, like he is dead at the store. But they still have a list of his hobbies on the package, which I thought, that's pretty nice of him, you know? But I don't eat that chicken. I feel bad. I don't need a chicken that had a dream. And that was that chicken. Life was great for that guy. I just want a miserable not free range chicken. I want to eat a chicken that when they killed it, he was like, look, I'm ready for this. All right. This is brutal. This is the worst. Oh, when I was at the grocery store, I got caught like in this weird thing with his dude. So I was standing in line and I was behind this guy. This white guy. And he pulled out the white race card. Now, I don't know if you'll knew we had a card. But he like had one. So I'm standing behind him. I'm standing behind him. And I just hear him like argue. Like, hear him just go like, what is it? Because I'm white. Is that why you're doing this? Because I'm white. And he looked at me like I'm his brother. Like, hey, are you going to get involved? You're going to come on. I was like, standing there. I was like, no, I'm not getting involved in this. I'm not ready for something like this. I think you're the first guy ever to try this, to be honest with you. I'm not prepared at all. If you wanted me to help you, you should have pulled me aside earlier. You should have grabbed me like, look, I'm going to make history today. Do you want me a part of this or not? It's your call. So I'm married. We have a lot of married people here tonight. A few. Some. That's fun. That's fun. I don't know. I've been married four years now. And it is getting pretty serious today, the truth. A lot. A lot more serious than I thought. I always have, like I have other buddies that are getting married now. So they always like, when they come talk to me. So, like I always tell them they're like, what's it like? Here's what it is. I'm just to everybody. Marriage is like, you ever go to a concert and you see a mosh pit. And you're like, you know what? I'm going to go get that mosh pit. But then once you get in it, you're like, I do not want to be in this mosh pit. At all. I am going to leave and go get some beer. Then the mosh pit is like, didn't you drink last night? All right, mosh pit. Once you get off my back. And let me live my life. Why? My wife's good. She's put up a ton with me. I remember three months into our marriage. One night I came home and I was like really drunk. I was hammered. And I know she loves that. So I spull her a little bit. I'm like a pretty decent guy. So we got a bed. And I'll be honest with you. I peed the bed. Yeah. Shouldn't have. I was pretty good though. I kind of like blamed it on her. Like I remember, I just woke up and I go, hey, what's wet? All right. Did you pour a perfect circle of water underneath me? A flawless circle. She was like, no, you peed the bed. What is wrong with you? Did I marry you or did I have you? I have no idea. I have this point. You know what it is. Here's what it is. Guys, which is not good. Guys are not good at marriage. All right. It's not our fault. We weren't prepared for it. Like women are. Your whole life is built. It's just preparation for marriage. Look at all every toy you played with. When you're a baby, they give you a baby doll. So they give you a baby when you're a baby. You don't even know your life yet. And they're like, look, I would probably start figuring this out. Like this is where it's going. Didn't they give you Barbie and Ken? They live in a little house together. And that is where you learn how to make drama you get. You get the best. You're the best. Then you would play house. Like you would fake vacuum. Just fake vacuum with your friends. That was awesome. And it's weird because when I see my wife vacuum now, like she is living her childhood dream. She's made it. As a guy, we don't have any of that. What do we play for it? You got to keep everybody out of where you are. Especially girls. The only toys we had were transformers and ninja turtles. Those are not even real things. None of them had wives. They weren't married. I never played with my ninja turtles. And I had them go into fight shredder. And then Michael Angelo was like, hey, can you give me two seconds? My wife just showed up. And she looks furious about something. What do you want from me? And she's like, what are you all doing? What's that April skank doing here? You're like, listen. She's a reporter. I got in trouble with my wife because on her last birthday, I got her an oven. Pretty nice oven. Take it easy. The reason I bought an oven, because I know, like the vacuum, her other favorite toy as a kid, was the Easy Bake oven. So to go with her big girl vacuum, I got her. I. So to go with her big girl vacuum, I got her a grown up adult oven. Like there was heart behind it. Like that's not impressive. If she came home and bought me a truck, and it turned into a live robot, I would lose my mind. Freak out. Thank you guys so much for coming out. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Yeah.
Yo, coming to the stage for My Home Town, because we all are at D-State, and we come in here to New York to do our thing, but I know you're going to enjoy this brother. So give it up for my man, Dave, Chappell. What up, you? Later I have in the fucking house. Boy, I just moved up here to New York, boy. You went out with so wild for me moving to New York, because I moved straight into the West Village. So y'all know that, y'all know the first day in my new neighborhood. I was just walking around laughing like a motherfucker. Hey, man, look. Look. They go some dead guys. Hey, look. They go some wood, they kissing. Hey, hey, hey. What the fuck, man? I had never seen so many gay people in my life. Started having nightmares, man. The same nightmare every night. I'm walking home late one night by myself. Nobody else is around. And all of a sudden this guy comes out of nowhere, and man, he puts a gun up to my head. You know what he does and what my money or anything like that. And he just says, click, click, click. Suck my dick. That's when I woke up every night. Oh! I told my boy about some man I'm having this dream. You know what he said? He said, yo, Dave. I would bite his shit off. I don't have the heart to bite somebody's penis off. You know, you be your man like, ah! Ah! I don't think about it. I'm not gonna lie. I know every guy would as soon as he'd come back. I'm gonna bite his dick off. I'm gonna bite his fucking dick off. Ah, click. I don't tell nobody, man, I... But I gotta learn. What the fuck? You know what, hype dance crowd, man. Hey, we ain't got a white guy in the house. What's up, man? Peace. I remember I went to a party with the white guy. He wasn't like, you know, he was like real vanilla ice in shit. Ain't no brother. Just be like, hey, what's up, nigga? Psh, psh. Oh, my nigga. Ha, ha, what's up, boy. And my wife and friend got all excited. She said, hey, what's up, nigga? What? The music stopped there and one looked at him. Man, he got his butt kicked that night. I mean, he got fucked up, you know. I hated to do it, but damn. He was talking about my people. I just got back from Los Angeles, California, man. That's all they were talking about was riding king this, riding king that. Them rides were fucked up, man. Let me tell you something. They looted a fucking donut shop. A donut shop, man. Why don't you do something like that? I got something in the VCR store just breaking shit. Just, psh, psh, psh. Whoo, psh, psh. Damn. You hungry? Just put some donut. We gotta remember, though, it is not all police officers that be beating people up. Just most of them. See, I understand how the police feel because I myself used to have the most dangerous job in Washington, D.C. I used to deliver pizzas for nominos. They would rob me every day, man. I come to them and say, hey, buddy, is it pizza? Great. Put it on a table. I had to get a gun, man. Like, how many nominos pizza, boys? Have you seen Carrie a fucking guy? I used to bust them. People's apartments just psh, psh, nominos, freeze. Put them in the floor, man. Get on the floor. Don't move. All right. Let me get out of here nice and slow, all right? I don't want any trouble. Why did you motherfuckers is gonna tip me? Yeah, peace, y'all. Good job, man.
I All Right Historican Theater in Washington DC Dave Chappelle. Oh, my God. Dave Chappelle. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. All right. All right. Yeah, man, get good. Becoming a horror boy. I know, man. It's been a while. DC is different. I'm a God, man. Took me years to better do this show, boy. DC has changed. It's different now. It's a lot of white people walking around. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I mean, I left DC in the 80s. It was not like this in the 80s. When crack was going on, remember when crack was going on, why'd people be looking at DC from Virginia with binoculars? You know? Well, that looks dangerous. Not yet. New white people. You can't scare these white people. I tried. I rolled up on a boom. The hell is wrong with you. Those days are over. I'm glad that you know, like we're doing a show here about Howard, you know, and you see like white people come out. And that's good. One thing I'm seeing, you see like a group of black dudes walking. Not just any old black dudes. We talk on, you know, thugs. Talking, you know, there'll be some thugs. And in the group, in the group, they got like one or two. Sometimes there's many, there's three white guys that be with them. You ever seen this shit? Let me tell you something about those white guys. Those white guys are the most dangerous motherfuckers in them groups. That was true. And they ain't no telling what they've done to get them black dudes respect. Well, then black dudes have seen them do some wild shit. I'll tell you that. I would try to tell brothers that every group of brothers should have at least one white guy in it. I'm serious for safety. Because when it shit goes down, somebody's going to need to talk to the police. I mean, that's when our wife friend comes in handy. Uh-oh, Ernie, you want to get this one? Come on now. Do something. It's the black people are very afraid of the police. There's a big part of our culture. Don't know how rich you are. How old you are. We just afraid of them. But every reason to be afraid of them. You know what I mean? You're a white lady. You haven't been pulled over before. You know, and then what they say, let me see your driver's license. And your registration, right? See? See? I'm just guessing. That's not what they say to us. You wouldn't believe what they say to us. Spread your cheeks and lift your sack. Like what? Excuse me? You heard me spread over your cheeks and lift your sack. I got a driver's license too. It was easier ways to prove who I am, is she? What was that proof? I can't go to the bank like that. Catch my check. What do you mean you don't have any idea? Wait a minute. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Pell, right? This way. Why don't you spread your cheeks in the beginning? Scared of them. I'm serious, man. You'll be a red light to police my pull-up next to you. It won't be no big deal for you, but you know what? I'm fucking falling apart. Oh, oh, no. Don't look over there. But I didn't always know there was a black thing. It took me a while to figure that out. I learned I learned that shit in New York. I was in New York City. Now, I was hanging out with a friend of mine. He was a white guy, you know. We were just hanging out. And we were lost in the city. You know, he's smoking a joint. Now, I don't know if it's a coincidence that we were lost in the high end shit, but... My wife, but he was smoking a joint. Dave. Dave. Mr. Goddamn cops. I'm gonna ask him for directions. I said, Chip, no! Chip, don't do it. It was too late. He was walking over there. This man was high as shit. Sills me. Sills me, sir. Touching him and chit. He's... Need some information. It's not confessing things. You shouldn't confess. I'm a little high. All I want to know, which way is third street? The cop was like, hey, take it easy. You're on third street. You better be careful. Go ahead, move it. Move it. That's all that happened. That's the end of the story. Now, I know that's not amazing to some of you, but you have one of these black fellows. That shit is fucking incredible, isn't it? I'm saying, a black man will never dream of talking to the police high. That's a waste of weed. Serious. I'm obviously going to tell the police when I'm sleepy. Fuck around. Get the wrong ideas. Oh! Oh, my God. That nigga was on PCP, Johnson. I had to use necessary force. You saw him. No, no, no paperwork. Just sprinkle some crack on him. Let's get out of here. That's how it is, but at the time I didn't think it was anything racial about it. I was just like, man, chip, you got fucking lucky. You better be careful. But then another time, me and chip are driving. Now I'm not driving. Chip is driving, and he's driving a little crazy. He's been drinking. I don't like to let my friends drive drunk, but you know, I was smoking a joint. I couldn't really say shit to the guy. And we get it in a red light. We stop it in a red light. And the car pulls up next to us, and I'll never forget it. Chip, he looks at me as old drunk as she's like, Dave. I'm going to raise some. I knew it was a bad idea, but I was hot. I tried to explain when it was a bad idea, but all that came out was, well, I'll never sometimes get a race. I don't know. Man, that light turned green, and chip took off. Zigg's nagging at chips and all that could pass. I don't even know who was racing. Then the police seen us and pulled us over. They understand I'm scared of shit. I mean, come on. The cosmo's like, we've been speeding this man as fucking drunk. I'm scared. Chip was not scared of all. It was weird. He didn't turn his radio down. It was weird, a little bit. I mean, if you get pulled over, wouldn't you turn your radio down? Don't buy one, get the ASB to a soundtrack and shit. I'm saying, Chip had a music blast, and we're not going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. It was a day just for a lax. Close your butt cheeks. Relax. Let me do the talking. You want to know what you see it? It's almost exactly what you say. I kind of believe it. He says, oh, oh. Sorry, Officer. I didn't know I couldn't do that. I was fucking shocked. The cops said, well, now you know. Get out of here. Get the fuck out of here. Chip said, OK, I will, sir. Thank you. What? What's wrong with you, Dave? I didn't know I couldn't do that. You know, that was good, wasn't it? Because I didn't know I couldn't do that. Oh, shock. I wouldn't shock that the audacity, but I would just shock that the audacity, because I would have never thought to say that. I don't think any black dude would think to say that, because they know we know the law. Every black dude in this room is a qualified paralegal and shit. He knows a lot. One of us even started to do something wrong, an old black man, and pop out of nowhere. Make an outdo that. That's five to ten. Watch out. I'm going to lose my balls in the penalties. I shouldn't even know he couldn't race. I'm not saying I don't like police. I'm not saying that. I'm saying I'm just scared of him. And then wrong with that. Sometimes we want to call him too. Somebody broken to my house once. It's a good time to call him, but I know. Oh, my God. Open and shut case, Johnson. I saw this once before when I was a rookie. Apparently, the snigger broke in and hung up pictures of his family everywhere. Let's sprinkle some crack on him and get out of here. I said, that's a whole brutality thing. See, that's common knowledge, man. It was a time when only minorities really knew about that. I'm not going to say why people didn't believe us, but you were low skeptical. You were low skeptical. I mean, I don't blame you. And then Newsweek printed and he knew it was true. Apparently, the police have been beating up Negroes like hotcakes. It's an amazing issue. I mean, really, how could you know that? How could anyone else know? I mean, maybe you should have seen something a little suspicious. I think it was like a little suspicious. Every dead black person in police fan has cracked sprinkled on him. Come on, man. Who gets shot and sprinkles crack on themselves? Nobody will do anything. Bam! Oh, oh. I don't want to leave no mystery. I'm a paranoid guy, you know what I am. I was scared to call 911 for anything. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. Pe most junk quando he's home after, but he will go fucking through the windows, we won't see it, he will go whatever he calls. All right,mens. Oh, so now we're going in. I mean, my mom's just coming in right away telling me she's not greeting me alright thanks, that she's coming in this time of expensive food. She's just been sitting there single of her son pick-up on Vermeer's side, I can't see. Help! Help my fucker, they're coming to get me! It's calm down, sir, where are you? Oh, I shit on myself. I can't stop crying. They played actually 30, 40 times a day. My buddies are being my funeral, looking at me. You know, they shit on themselves right now. It's all on the news. I died crying like a bitch. I'll be dead, I can't defend myself. That's not a nice thing to do. That's not a nice thing to do. It's an animal in one tape. How do you expect you to say it? Of course you're going to be scared. It's an emergency. There's nobody calls an animal in one cool and relaxed. That shit was saying ridiculous. Hello, emergency. Hi. Hey, 911, how are you? Yeah. Look, there's a group of hood at Whiteman, gathering outside of my house. And it looks like they made business. Get out here, Nader. I gotta go. You guys trained her. Too much pressure. That's my problem. I can't handle pressure. Sometimes pressure makes me talk different. I'm serious. You ever have that social pressure? You ever talk to somebody who's fake and they make you fake? Like, that county, like, hey, how you doing? You're like, fine, are you? I mean, we talk like that. I get sick of that shit. I do it. It just makes me sick. Sometimes I talk crazy just to make myself feel better. Yo, do that. It's not talking like crazy. I never heard his voice. Man. That's how bad guys use to talk in the 40s. In the old days. Say, I talk like that. Now all the time, if somebody put the pressure on me, fuck it. I gotta, I gotta cut loose. The police put me over. I talk crazy. Son. Son. Do you know why we pulled you over? Man, because I'm black, see? That's right. Man. I do. It's not illegal to talk like that. How they know I don't talk like that every day. Stop talking like that. Stop talking like that. I'm like, whack, whack, whack. Try and talk, see? You gotta make life interesting like that, because the shit is flimsy. Life is flimsy. You think you're gonna live forever? I ain't gonna live forever. It's dangerous out here. We know what's going on. I travel now. You know, I just think DC had the roughest ghettos in the country. Nah, they go, mm-hmm. I have seen some shit now. Oh, there's some rough, rough areas outside of DC. Yeah, everybody should go to the ghetto. I was taken to the ghetto one time. That's the worst. Will you get taken to the United expectant to go? Usually you wanna know when you're going to get a like, I'm gonna see some wild shit. I gotta prepare myself and go see some crazy. When you're taken, it's different. I had a limousine driver. It was after a show who was late at night. It was like three in the morning. I had a limousine driver. He was a nice guy. I was talking to me and shit. Oh, hey, where you from, dawg? DC, where? That's a rough city, man. And the cell phone started ringing. Hold on a second. Hello? Oh, something, nigga. What? What the fuck? Slow down. What the fuck? No! No! No! Fuck that! Niggas, fuck it! I'm on my way! Woo! Hey. I gotta make a stop real quick. At three o'clock in the morning. I didn't know he was taking me in to get away first. That's how I look at the window. I was like, what the fuck? Gunstore? Gunstore? Gunstore? What the fuck are you packing me? It's not look good. He didn't say shit. He just pulled up in front of my old, rickety building. That looked like a project. Now, I'd never been there before. I'm not sure if it was a project, but it certainly had older familiar symptoms of a project. Fuckin' crack head ran this way. And then another one jumped out of tree and shit. And then I said, I'll be right back. And left me. Took the keys with me. Just left me. At three o'clock in the morning, in front of a project, and a fucking limousine. This was not good. I was like, man, I gotta look around and see if I can see some landmarks and figure out where I'm at. I have to escape on foot. Now, this is when I knew I was in a bad neighborhood. You only see this in the worst neighborhoods. Remember, it's three o'clock in the morning. It's three o'clock in the morning. I look out the window. It was a fucking baby standing on a corner. It was. And the baby, the baby didn't even look scared. He was just standing there. And then he said, man, I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I mean, it made me sad. It made me sad, really good. You know what I mean? Because I wanted to help a baby. Well, I don't trust you either. I'm sorry. Click. Click. The old baby on the corner, trick, eh? I'm not gonna fall for that shit. Where's this limousine, drive me? You know, I stopped feeling bad. It's time goes by, I stopped feeling worse. I said, man, what is wrong with me? What the hell is wrong? I'm scared of a baby. This baby could be in trouble. He might need my help. I gotta do something. But I wasn't going to get out the car. I'm serious, man. I was cracking the window a little bit. There's an old limousine. I can roll it down. I'm scared. I'm scared. There's an old limousine. I can roll it down. Hey, baby. Baby, go home. Man, it's trick clock. And I'm on it. What the fuck are you doing up? The baby said, I'm selling weed. They gots at all. I want to strengthen it. I'm sorry I had to buy two bags from the car. I don't get to, I don't get to come. I'm back in the car and rolled me a joint, man. That shit was scary, man. Every once in a while, I got cracky. I would come up to the car and look at the windows. I was like Jurassic Parking. Should he be looking on the car? Hey, get out of here, cracky. That baby was still standing there, man. That's all feeling bad again. Yeah, we make it feel guilty sometimes. Yeah, man, what is wrong with me, man? I have just bought weed from an infant. I can't condone this kind of behavior. What am I thinking? I can't let the fear ruin my morals. I've got to do something. Hey, baby. Stop selling weed, all right? You got your whole life ahead of you. You said, fuck you. Look, I can't see you. That's a guy. Sam. This is that very moment when the crack hit the run across the street and got hit by a car. I know it was a hit and run. The police did it. That's all right. They springing some crack on me got back up. I'll be saying that kind of shit, man. It's what is. They use the TV to program us from a young age. You ever watch like a cartoon as you used to watching me a little as an adult? Is it wild shit? Is it wild shit? I mean, I was with my nephew. We seen him watching Peppie the Pew when I say to my neighbor, I say, now pay attention to his guy because he's funny. I used to watch him when I was little. And when we watched Peppie the Pew, when I'm old now, I'm looking like, good God. I'm kind of fucking rapist as this guy. Like, take it easy. Come on, that guy was sitting there cracking up. See, sometimes you got to take the pussy like Peppie. Like, oh, no. I had to turn the channel real quick. I turned on Sesame Street. I said, oh, Sesame Street is much better because now he'll learn how to count and spell. But now I'm watching it as an adult and I realize Sesame Street teaches kids other things. And teaches kids how to judge people and label people. That's right. They got a character on it named Oscar. The treat just got like shit, the entire show. They judge him right in his face. Oscar, you are so mean. Isn't it kids? Yeah, Oscar. You're a grouch. It's like, bitch, I live in a fucking trash can. Well, the Paul's mother book on Sesame Street. Nobody's helping me. Then you went away and kids were all up and stepped up the homeless people. Get it together, grouch. Get a job, grouch. So don't even tell me how to get to Sesame Street. That is a terrible place. I want to go there if I knew the way. Who would want to live in a neighborhood like that? Fucking six-foot pigeons walking around. The elephant, that's a junkie. A hoiper. Yeah, that's right. It's nothing. Hoiper, I'm sick. I need some smack bird. Then cook him answer with his eyes popping out his head. Cooky, cookie, cookie. Yeah. Kinda, cookies are you talking about? Chocolate chips don't do that to people. And then had to nerve to put a pimple on them. They didn't come out and say he's a pimple. But I know a pimple when I see one. They called him an account. Panicapin every time. You know, seeing pimping, bitch, where does my money? You've been late four times I've been counting. How many times must I smack you before you act right? One, two, two, spots! Ah, ah, ah, ah. Ah, ah, ah, ah. That's the thing, there's so many stuff to worry about. You know, the more you know, the more you don't know, the more you shit. You know, like a lot of people would be telling me, Dave, you know, you just got relaxed and racist and think we buggin' you too much. I'd be thinking about it sometimes, shit don't happen. You know, a lot of black people can relate to this. Have you ever had something happen that was so racist that she didn't even get mad? He was just like, God, damn, that was racist. That was racist. I mean, it was so blatant. He was just like, wow. Right, he almost like it didn't even happen to. He was like a fucking movie. That was, I used watching Mississippi burning. Wow. And having a meal, I was in Mississippi. I was in Mississippi doing a show. And I go to the restaurant to order some food. And I said to the guy, I say, I would like to have, and before I even finish my sentence, he says, the chicken. What the fuck? What? I could not believe it. I could not believe that shit. This man was absolutely right. I said, how did he know that I was going to get some chicken? I asked him, I said, how you know that? How did you know I was going to get some chicken? He looked at me like I was crazy. Come on, buddy. Come on, buddy. Now, everybody knew, soon you out to the goddamn door, you're going to get some chicken. I had a no-seeker down here that blacks and chickens are quite fond of one another. Then I finally understood what he was saying, and I got upset. I wasn't even mad. I was just upset. I wasn't ready to hear that shit. All these years, I thought I liked chicken, because it was delicious. Turns out I'm genetically predisposed to like a chicken. I said, like, what? I got no say in the man. I got a ruined chicken for me. I'm scared he didn't public. I was somebody I see me and say something. Yeah, I mean, I eat some chicken. Look at him. He loves him. Just like it's sitting in Cyclopedia. Look how happy he looks. Sometimes you will be too much of you. Has show business been crazy? That's what the culture's really collide. Show business bring a lot of races together. Sometimes it works. Sometimes it don't. This is one thing that happens that's funny. Sometimes I'll be on a business call, right? You know, like with the lawyer, something. Don't my lawyer's be white. And I will be on a call, right? And they'll be like, oh, okay, Dave, we're going to close the deals. That fine with you? I'll be like, yeah, that's good for me. Great. Great. You have a good week, Dave. I'll be like, all right, you two, man. Peace. All right, bye-bye. Bye-bye. LAUGHTER I know what the saying, right? So sometimes I'll make up shit that's not even sane. Just to see how they handle it and should be. It'd be the same business call. All right, we're going to close the deals. That fine with you, Dave? Yeah, that sounds good to me. Great. You have a good week, Dave. All right, buddy. Zip it up and zip it out. Yeah. Aw. All right, so be the new dog. Bye-bye. APPLAUSE Sometimes, you know, sometimes raises and works out and black people's favor. Yeah, it doesn't happen often. It happens very rarely. But when it happens, it is fucking sweet. LAUGHTER I'm serious. There's one time raises and save my life, man. I was on a plane. I was coming from overseas. And I don't know how this guy got a machine gun on the plane. But he stood up, man. He said, everybody, get on the fucking ground. Nobody look at my face. I started freaking out. Because he was Chinese. I was like, why is he talking like that? LAUGHTER He was screaming and crying. I was the only brother on the plane. Well, I thought I was the only brother. I looked over. It was one of the black dudes. He was from Nigeria. I looked over them. He was looking right in my face, man. He didn't say two words to me. He just looked at me. He was like, pfft. LAUGHTER He didn't need to talk. I knew just what he was talking about. I looked right back at him. That's right. LAUGHTER So my dudes on the front of the plane seen us. They were like, oh, my god. LAUGHTER I think those black guys are going to try to save us. LAUGHTER Mmm. We were just communicating that we understood the situation. We were both seeing the same thing. And what we understood was simple. Terrorists don't take black hostages. LAUGHTER That's the truth. I have yet to see one of us on the news. Reading the hostage letter. Um, hmm. They is treating us good. We all chilling in shit. I like to give a shout out to Ray Ray and Big Steve and I see some new porn. LAUGHTER You're not going to see it. Terrorists are smart. They know what they're doing now. They're terrorists. They know what black people's bad bargaining chips. LAUGHTER They called the white hostages. Hello. We have got five blood. Hello. LAUGHTER You be back in DC. You know what I'm going to say, man, this is an election year. I'm asking you, your white guy, do you know who you're voting for yet? Don't know, do you? Now, you see that? You see what just happened here? Let me tell you something. That is a cultural thing. He knows who is going to vote for. He's just not going to tell me. See? I've noticed that. That is a cultural thing. The white people do not like to talk about their political affiliations. It's a secret. You know, that's the white guy who's voting for you. Hey, Bob, Bob, we're going to vote for it. Day, day, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Well, take it easy now. Take it easy. So anyway, I was fucking my wife and a rast, right? And I mean, it was something else. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But who are you voting for? Dates! Dave, come on with the voting. I'm trying to talk about the fucking my wife here. Ask me all these personal questions. LAUGHTER They don't like to divulge that information, because it matters to them. Black people talk about that shit. Black people will openly talk about politics. Black people will openly talk about beating up politicians or shit. I see George Bush, our kicker's motherfucking ass for cutting my Medicaid. LAUGHTER Oh, okay, okay, let me see it. APPLAUSE Probably just say it. But there's a reason for that. There's a matter is more for the matters more. Black people see, it's even when I vote, right? Which I don't. But even when I think about who I would vote for, right? I don't even look at their political policies. I just look at their character. You know what I'm saying now? You got to read, no, I'm serious. You got to read between the lines. You know, you look at Clinton and black people like Clinton, because we've seen him on a campaign trail. He actually just picked up black baby up and kicked him. Come here, little nigger baby. Oh, I just cut from... LAUGHTER Okay. Mm-hmm. I like that. He did not have the pain or nothing. You see, George Bush Jr., he'd be like, ugh. LAUGHTER Oh, crap. Like I said, I'd never vote for George Bush Jr., but I don't know George Bush Jr.'s politics. I don't think I know about George Bush Jr. is that that guy, sniff cocaine, that's right. Now listen, we cannot have that shouldn't a White House. That might be fine for a mayor, but God damn it, not in the White House. LAUGHTER Right in the White House. LAUGHTER Thank you. You're welcome. The stakes are too high in the White House. I can't have no Coke here, President. Oh. He'd be selling nuclear seekers for $20, $30 in shit. LAUGHTER Could be a meetings in Barrison America. Come on. Sign the treaty, baby. I suck your dick like what the hell? Mr. President. Mmm. Mr. President, that is not how we do business here, sir. Stop sucking the ambassador's dick. No, I'm not letting finish. LAUGHTER I was signing the treaty. There will be peace in Israel finally. I'd both be quaintly getting back to it. At least, it's always better. CHEERING Now again, I'm not looking at his politics. I don't know what his politics are. I'm just looking at his behavior. I understand that kind of behavior. I know a lot of dudes with them shortcomings. We've smoking fornicators. There's a lot of them. I mean, come on now. Let's be honest. Bill Clinton was not the first president to do what he did. Now, let's just... Let's think back for him. A rumor guy named Kennedy, John F. Kennedy, remember him, he fucked Marilyn Monroe. Matter of fact, him and his brother Bobby fucked Marilyn Monroe. And history doesn't talk about that much. You know why history doesn't talk about that much? Because those two pages in history, I stuck together. They were getting on. They were getting it on. I've seen the tapes. Remember the tapes you'd be singing on there? See this party? Stressing the magic. He is dead. Mr. Prince is dead. Bitch, my family's here. Clinton did the same thing. But he didn't do it like that. Because the year 2000, he's busier than Kennedy was. He was a busy man. Clinton did that kind of thing the way busy men do it. You know what busy men do? They fuck who's close to them. I can tell that's what Clinton was up to. Look like your stuckers head out the office door. You know what? I'm not a busy man. I'm not a busy man. I'm not a busy man. I'm not a busy man. I'm not an Benjamin Ryan Hillary Clinton. I am And in the top of it all, if he lied, which I thought was just, I thought that was special. I think it, man. I don't know how he did. I've been accused of having sex with a girl I'd have not had sex with before. And let me tell you something, that shit isn't furious. You ever go through that thing? You know, it'll make you crazy. You screaming at your best friends. I didn't touch that bitch thing. I kill you. Fuck you, nigga. I kill you. Please believe me. Please believe me. You're Clinton didn't do it like that, did it? Clinton came out of the press conference all relaxed. It's the shoulders all relaxed and all this trouble. Look like you just got done fucking a something. Oh. Listen. Let me tell you something, America. I don't think you heard me the first time. I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Mr. Whiskey. Come on, dude. You know what I mean? Everybody knew that thing was male like nobody came. Nobody came. We all watched. We was disgusted. We kept watching the news. I know I was taping it. So I'd be the crib like baby, turn the lights off. The news is coming on. Every week on 60 minutes was a different girl accused in Clinton. I remember Kathleen Willie came out. She was upstairs. The president called me into his office. He began... ...sarging my breast. So I'm sorry. And then he placed my hand on his genitals. And Bradley was shocked. Who? Was he a rouse? I was at home like, yeah, was he a rouse? And then if Bradley looked right in the camera, he said, don't bust that nut yet. We'll be right back. Oh, man, the news ain't never been so good. But there were no victims. Only one I feel sorry for is that the wind's gaffer, don't you feel sorry for her? God, thank him. I have a heart. That's a hard thing to be famous for, man. Nobody want to be the most famous cock suck of all times. I feel bad for her. Not even the women feel sorry for a little bit, ladies. Now that's jealousy. That's what that is. Come on, that girl suck is going to haunt her for the rest of her life. Long after she spent that money up, that's still going to haunt her. I know there's a lot of women in here with the least one dick they regret. And I bet she wasn't a president's dick. I bet she worked at Kenny Shoes, a safe way, and something like that. Don't go judging her. See, we got to stop judging people. That girl was young and she made a mistake that young girls make. She wanted to fuck a powerful man. Period, as far as she thought it through. She wanted to think about how powerful the president was. She had no wisdom. Older women were going to help everybody. Older women would have been in there. You know, you should lower taxes. You know what I'm saying? Older women would have sucked this into the utopia. Last thing I was about it is this, that he is a famous man. I have a dream to be him famous, but I never dreamt of being that famous. I never understood how famous a president was. Well, imagine if someone could suck your dick and then they're famous. You know what I'm saying? That's crazy. That's crazy. I mean, no guy would thought of that. There's nobody with a pickup line that good and shit. They suck my dick. There's a future in it. Well, that's it now. Get out there and be somebody. Go out of the book. You're called by an offer now. Go out of the book. Said, I'm in the wrong business. I should be the president. Shit, I'm in the wrong business. See, only reason I want to be president is because I'm black. That doesn't make it too hot for me. You know what I mean? I think it could be a black president one day, but you don't want to be the first one. I mean, second and third, that's fine, but that first nigga better watch out. I'm going to tell you that right now. Too hot. I mean, I'd be the first black president. I don't think that nobody would really hurt me. I'm sure somebody would want to hurt me, but I don't think they touched me. Because of my vice president will be Mexican for a little insurance. You know what I'm saying? You can shoot me if you want, but you're just going to open the border up. You might as well leave me and vice president Santiago to our own devices. Ain't that right, Santiago? See? See? Elian can stay. Don't worry, don't worry, I don't got no Elian jokes. All I'll say about Elian is thank God is Cuban. If Elian comes out of the house, was Elian the moonbow from honey? They'd have pushed that little rubber tube right back in the water. Sorry, I fell on the floor. Good luck. The only thing I decided that bothers me the most is the way that men and women don't get along no more. That's really what's bugging me about it. Men and women just don't get along. Like I hear women say this all the time. I know a lot of you say it's going to be like, shivery is dead. Don't you know what I'm saying? I feel that way, like men aren't gentlemen anymore. That's right, shivery is dead and women killed it. As a fundamental difference in the way we're going to see things, we're not going to see out of our own issue. We're just not. Our test in life are different. A woman's test in life is material. A man's test in life is a woman. Now by test I mean those are the things that we desire. Men have nice cars, not because they like nice cars, because they know women like nice cars. That's how it goes. Because men are hunters and the car is the bait. And a woman comes and says, ooh nice Porsche. Gotcha bitch. That's how it is. That's true. Come on there, you go to a woman's house, their house be comfortable as shit. Women love comfortable surroundings so men get comfortable surroundings. Let me tell you something. If a man could fuck a woman in a cardboard box, he wouldn't buy a house. But that's still not where shivery got killed. Shivery got killed by the feminist movement on the magazines that got women going crazy. Because women got too much advice about men from other women. And they don't know what the fuck they talk about. It's true. I see this shit in a magazine. I don't read them but I've been seeing the cover. I've been a grocery store fellow and they've been saying the cover. 100 Ways to Please Your Man by Some Lady. Get out of here. You know 100 Ways. This is 4th things. I'm just psyched with dick, paper's balls and then fix them a sandwich and don't talk so much. And then the magazines trick the women. The magazines stop picking at your self-esteem. Every page you turn you start feeling fatter and uglier. And you feel like your clothes aren't good enough. And the magazines have you forgotten how fucking beautiful you are. And that's what happens. Now look what happens. And then you forget how beautiful you are and we all suffer. If pussy was a stop, it would be plummeting right now because you flooded the market with it. You're giving it away too easy. I'm just being truthful. I'm just talking. It would plummet. Maybe watch the news today. Pussy plummet again. Well, let us stand. Gold is up 10 points. You can see it. You ever have this happen. This is how confusing it is. This is the practical application when I'm talking about. Like a guy be out. This happen to go out guys. You be out of club. All right. He's kicking with your boys and a girl walks by and a man she looks good. She looks good. Not good in that classical way. I mean, you know, I'm talking good. Like she got half her ass hanging out her skirt. Her titties are all mashed together, popping out the top of her turtle neck and shit. And he was your buddies, right? He was your buddies. You got a couple of drinks in here. And you see, I just might try to talk to him. I'm not going to come out right now. I don't know what you say. Damn, look at him titties. The girl gets mad. Oh, oh, oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Just because I'm dressed this way does not make me a whole. Which is true. Gentlemen, that is true just because they dress a certain way. It's a mean they are a certain way. Don't ever forget it. But ladies, you must understand that that is fucking confusing. Just the ends. Now that would be like me. They should peel the comedian walking around the streets and a cop being a fool. Somebody might run up on me. Oh, thank God. Officer, help us. Come on over here. Help us. I'm not going to let all. Just because I'm dressed this way does not make me a police officer. You know what I'm saying? It's like, all right, lady, fine. Fine. You are not a whore. But you are. We're in a whore's uniform. I'll tell you that. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're going to misunderstand this can happen. And then, man, we misunderstand women a lot. You know, we always undermine their feelings. You can't do that to them. You can't. Because, see, feelings, this year they clap and feelings are very important to women. They are all important. I'm just learning this shit. Everything's based on how they feel. You can hear when they tell stories. If a man tells a story, it'd be just facts. Who what? When, where, why? It was me and Bob. We was at Safeway. And then, I said, this. And I pushed that nigga and then I broke out. That's the story. That's the story. Women tell stories. All these feelings. Well, first of all, he was understanding. I was on my period and I just talked to my mother. So, I was feeling like, I was telling him feelings. What the fuck happened? You can do it. You can do it. But they got to talk about him. They got to talk about him. That's how they always get me. I was sitting there watching TV, chilling and shit. My old lady come up to me. David? We need to talk. Five. I don't say that out loud. That's how I feel inside. Because I know every time we need to talk, we need to talk about some shit that I gotta do. We don't have to talk about anything she needs to do. She leads me defenseless. I have to do what I have to do. David? We need to talk. Nah. Don't do that to me, David. This is serious. Stop talking in that voice. Now, see. I gotta do this. See. See. See. I can play, but I'm happy I'm with somebody. I don't want to be single. I don't like that. Sometimes you go to the single club. You see too much. I was on the road. One club and I seen a thing they call a phone contest. Yeah. Yeah. I seen a phone contest. There's some scandal. This shit all right. I couldn't get over that, man. Because I DJ, you know, I was dancing with a girl and they said, Everybody that wants to be in the phone contest, please report to the DJ book. Excuse me. They pulling that song. They let me see something. That girl was going off. Some of them pull their pants down. Some pull their skirts up. All of them just shaking their butts. Some of them didn't even have underwear on. It was just fucking trickling their butt. I mean, I was fucking disgusting. But I couldn't turn away. Please put a squeamish. This buggy is all right. One of the girls gets so into it. There's no cops around, right? But she actually, I'm sorry to tell you all this, she spreads her butt cheeks open. She spreads her butt cheeks open. And I remember they crowded disco, right? I was discussing, because I was like 10 yards away from her. I was like, oh my god. Is that her birth come out? Oh, it gets worse. Oh, my god, almighty. Is that a baby? I know it has gross, it's gross, because it was a baby. It was the same baby from the project. She's like, I snuck in a club, nigga. I got that lead if you need me. Just pan on hand. And now come out. Hey guys, thank you very much. Good night. I'm not going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. Live from the Murat Theater in Indianapolis. From the Kings of Comedy, the Platinum Comedy Series presents DL Hugley, funnier than ever before. I knew it. They did this because the Timber 11, we should have been in there. September 11th and a half. Because if they ever would have some software, they'd like to. I didn't like people with $27 tickets to Detroit. I got a nice. You got so nice. I got my nice. Bill got him. Pete's dead being five. Hey Bill, you in Pete's. I bet I beat it in my heart. I bet I beat it in my heart. I'm going to impeach my foot up somebody. And don't play with my money like that. Black folk and white folk. We don't have our problem before. But we be damned and somebody new going from him. He's an odd white folk. Y'all leave my loan. That ain't racist. That's American. And racism is more American than apple pie. What need to be said? Coming to a store near you. It's the comedy concept the world has been waiting for. There's right. He's shaking God there, man. It's bold. Blin, blin, blin. Funny. That look like old summer bin Laden. Larry. That's keepers out this building right now. I'd be like I've been to I take this stool. Outright hysteric. Stonehill. Quick and light up. Watch yourself. I see your ass at the bar for hot. One of the original kings of high. Sedra, the entertainer. You as I can fly. And his started line. No doubt, no doubt. This concert is guaranteed. She looked to make you laugh. You gotta keep your eye on you. You can let your eye come out like that. Open, no right. Yeah, he acting funny. Laugh like you never had before. It's the comedy concert the world has been waiting for. In store now. Full contact comedy at its best. Sedra, the entertainer. And the starting lineup. I'm gonna do my thing. It's gonna be a lot of fun tonight. But this is what I call the starting lineup. They great. They perform with me awesome along. You will be entertained. Plus, I'm gonna be doing my thuzzle too. You know your time is running short. Fallen American flags on your car. And you ain't got no day. I'm insurance. The none like that. You know what I'm just. But he's like, ah, he's a patriot. Let him go on, Perouille. Sedra, the entertainer. And the starting lineup. Part two. Coming soon to home video. The man. The man. That's what I'm talking about. The king about Rangers comedy. Jesus, what's going on? Direct from HBO, it's Steve Harvey. This is great. You better not say what I think you about to say. Stick it in. I'm talking just where you at. The comic genius of Steve Harvey and the kick ass special. That leaves the others behind. You know, this is a couple things you can wear to bed. Like a G-string. Ladies, when we see a string, go down to crack a yo-ass. Oh! I don't give a damn if we're in the string. Go down there. We don't see a no-mo. As long as we know it, we're down in now. And come up in the front. Oh! It's going to be some hell up in here to see you. One man. I am, Tiger Woods. No. He's Steve Harvey. Tiger Woods. Tiger Woods. And his HBO special. Coming soon to home video. Ladies and gentlemen. Make sure hands together for Michael Coulier. Just when you think you've seen it all. For God. A stand-up comic. For Michael Coulier. Who reveals it all? I smoke so much gut. Damn, Crap. One day I broke into my own damn heart. Michael Coulier has hit the big time. I get three nights cost, four nights homes, and a awful lot of money. Some way up. And now he's going back to where it all began. We heard you was doing some of the video in the project. We ain't always going to be our project. It's just called the Michael Coulier project. Get ready to meet the man. And I mean a real man. Who tells it like it is. I didn't want to do that. I had to. You can find on Good Week. A one hour comedy special. Wow. The Michael Coulier project. Coming soon to Urban Works Home video. Skip Home, booted button naked if you have to. All right, like everybody thinks my name is Tyra Banks. But like my real name is Tyra Reacher-Bandquit. And see I had no Alex since I was like 13 and like he straight funny. And like y'all need to watch him and straight clown him because like back in the day, like when we was chilling in Inglewood, like Alex would be having like everybody laughing the stuff. Hi, I'm Tyra Banks. Watch Alex Thomas straight clowning. Cause he is a fool. A truthful. Check out Alex Thomas. Thomas straight clowning. Hi. This is Dr. Dre. And what y'all need to do is check out my man Alex Thomas. Cause he straight clowning. Can I get my money now? Yeah. Alex Thomas is straight clowning. Yo, what's up this is Jimmy Fox. Check out my man Alex Thomas straight clown. I'm rolling with Alex Thomas and the K-Star wants to stop. Alex Thomas West West y'all. He straight clowning. Yo, this is shit. Check out Alex Thomas straight clowning. It's the first annual Shaquille O'Neal comedy role starring Queen Latifah. Oh, wow Shaquille O'Neal y'all. Steve Harvey, Sid and Attila, Tommy Davidson, Bill Bellamy and more. They're riffing in Disneyland, talking trash, couldn't have beat man down the side. Check, you got the, I mean the whole S on the thing. Don't you think that's a little 13, a little 14. Okay. I mean does have a really big heart. You got some big ass teeth. You never want your fighting skills. You ain't slip with Mark and Flip your ass. You feel super starship, K-Lo, Neil. Like you'll see him like never before. Oh, man. Total access. It's Shaquille O'Neal comedy role. It's it is huge. What's Shaquille? What were you thinking about? I'm in the home video soon. Yeah. You and back here in front of my mama. I got some weight. Put my hair in your place like this. Like you've never seen before. Oh my god. It isn't hot in here. What's talking about hell? And goddamn, it's working. You know somebody, bruh, bruh. Be so bad you can see the words coming out of them out. You be standing and talking. Yeah, I see what you talking about. What's that player? Everything alright? Woo! Don't put him in the pub. You grab him and you and trouble. He's a ninja. You settle it and mama say, hey, oh no. You want to make me mad? You tell me, I'll ask you to go out of the bitch. I'll set this theater on fire. Bruce Bruce is funny, hilarious, larger than life. And he's coming to a store near you soon. You
Coming to the stage since you have so much fun. I know you're going to enjoy him. He's one of the hottest comedians in Jersey, and he's had to kick it out. Yo, give it up for Bill Bellamy. Let's get started. Please. Yeah. Yeah. What's up, New York? Same. We in a hat. Oh, shit. Give it up for all the ladies in the house, fellas. Let the dogs loose. Hey. I mean, watch the TV a lot, y'all. Y'all, y'all, everybody here seeing those early pregnancy tests commercials. You notice they only got white people in them? And everybody in the commercials was happy? The girl came out the bathroom. Honey. Guess what? And he's sitting on the couch. What, babe? We're positive. Fucking at. That shit ain't real. I want to see a sister. I want to see a sister. Everybody here wanted to see one sister going in the bathroom. She should be in there. She could be like, damn. Guess what? You're going to ask, need a job. You're all sad. Sid is crazy, man. Crazy, Sid. A lot of crazy stuff happened to me, man. New York is flabber. One thing I don't like about New York, man, when you come over here and you drive, every time, tell the truth. When you park on the bathroom, don't you always turn around and look at your car like you may never see that motherfucker again. Come on now. I don't feel like walking. You're all fucking crazy, man. They got this new car alarm. I want to tell you about every brother in here, sister, got a nice car. They got this new car alarm to be out in 92, right? If they steal your car, their car alarm will call your house. The shit is real. I said to myself, imagine this, right? Saturday night, about 4 o'clock in the morning, you sleet. It's like, who is it? It's the car, man. It's the car alarm. It's the car alarm. It's the car alarm. Who is it? It's the car, man. Oh, man. They got me dirty and thinking about the radio and they think. All right, all right. Will you at all? I don't know. You better hurry up. Wait a minute. Here they come. I'll call you back. I'm sorry, he's crazy. Crazy shit, man. I was reading article recently. Woman wanted to be made. They want you to make love to him. Good that's all right. Lady, you want to hit that shit? brothers you gotta kick that shit out. Don't give out no weak shit because women will talk. And the ones that clap don't told, this is for my own. You can tell, you can tell and give out some weak shit. If you're not far from your shoes, you'd be like, damn. What about shoes that they write here? Get your sorry ass out of here. Seriously, man. You know what's crazy about women is different from men. Women can have orgasms, right? And it just looks so pretty, man. You ever seen a woman have orgasms? Like, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Don't touch me. Don't touch me. Don't touch me. All right. They ain't no brother in here that can have a smooth orgasm. And since there's no way we be trying our best, right? We be in there to our... No, I'm... Hello, hello. Did we just like get crazy retarded, like... Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! That's it. It's crazy, man. That's it. It's crazy, man. Did you try to have... Do you have a woman? They asked you questions and shit when you have an orgasm. You don't even know the English language. She'd be like, honey, honey, wipe your mouth. Stop making that face. You be like, ah! The bitch! The bitch! The bitch! Crazy shit, man. Shit, it's crazy, man. Before I leave though, I just want to say something. If you got somebody that you care about and they love you and they treat you right, got to hold on to them. Give round applause for that shit, y'all. Right. But it's hard, man. It's hard trying to find somebody to date. It's like I've got this all-a-tie from everything working. It's just crazy. You know what's crazy, right? How many times have you seen someone that you like, right? Somebody introduce you to them, right? You be up there and be like, hey, how you doing? They be like... I'll show you a prime example tonight why this shit never works out, right? Now, say for instance, if I like this lady right here, check it out, right? Nice looking lady. She would not like me. She would like him, right here. She's brother right here, but he would not like your ass. No, because he'd like him right there. My name is Bill Callamy. It's Bill Rail, y'all.
I All Right Historican Theater in Washington DC Dave Chappelle. Oh, my God. Dave Chappelle. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. All right. All right. Yeah, man, get good. Becoming a horror boy. I know, man. It's been a while. DC is different. I'm a God, man. Took me years to better do this show, boy. DC has changed. It's different now. It's a lot of white people walking around. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I mean, I left DC in the 80s. It was not like this in the 80s. When crack was going on, remember when crack was going on, why'd people be looking at DC from Virginia with binoculars? You know? Well, that looks dangerous. Not yet. New white people. You can't scare these white people. I tried. I rolled up on a boom. The hell is wrong with you. Those days are over. I'm glad that you know, like we're doing a show here about Howard, you know, and you see like white people come out. And that's good. One thing I'm seeing, you see like a group of black dudes walking. Not just any old black dudes. We talk on, you know, thugs. Talking, you know, there'll be some thugs. And in the group, in the group, they got like one or two. Sometimes there's many, there's three white guys that be with them. You ever seen this shit? Let me tell you something about those white guys. Those white guys are the most dangerous motherfuckers in them groups. That was true. And they ain't no telling what they've done to get them black dudes respect. Well, then black dudes have seen them do some wild shit. I'll tell you that. I would try to tell brothers that every group of brothers should have at least one white guy in it. I'm serious for safety. Because when it shit goes down, somebody's going to need to talk to the police. I mean, that's when our wife friend comes in handy. Uh-oh, Ernie, you want to get this one? Come on now. Do something. It's the black people are very afraid of the police. There's a big part of our culture. Don't know how rich you are. How old you are. We just afraid of them. But every reason to be afraid of them. You know what I mean? You're a white lady. You haven't been pulled over before. You know, and then what they say, let me see your driver's license. And your registration, right? See? See? I'm just guessing. That's not what they say to us. You wouldn't believe what they say to us. Spread your cheeks and lift your sack. Like what? Excuse me? You heard me spread over your cheeks and lift your sack. I got a driver's license too. It was easier ways to prove who I am, is she? What was that proof? I can't go to the bank like that. Catch my check. What do you mean you don't have any idea? Wait a minute. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Pell, right? This way. Why don't you spread your cheeks in the beginning? Scared of them. I'm serious, man. You'll be a red light to police my pull-up next to you. It won't be no big deal for you, but you know what? I'm fucking falling apart. Oh, oh, no. Don't look over there. But I didn't always know there was a black thing. It took me a while to figure that out. I learned I learned that shit in New York. I was in New York City. Now, I was hanging out with a friend of mine. He was a white guy, you know. We were just hanging out. And we were lost in the city. You know, he's smoking a joint. Now, I don't know if it's a coincidence that we were lost in the high end shit, but... My wife, but he was smoking a joint. Dave. Dave. Mr. Goddamn cops. I'm gonna ask him for directions. I said, Chip, no! Chip, don't do it. It was too late. He was walking over there. This man was high as shit. Sills me. Sills me, sir. Touching him and chit. He's... Need some information. It's not confessing things. You shouldn't confess. I'm a little high. All I want to know, which way is third street? The cop was like, hey, take it easy. You're on third street. You better be careful. Go ahead, move it. Move it. That's all that happened. That's the end of the story. Now, I know that's not amazing to some of you, but you have one of these black fellows. That shit is fucking incredible, isn't it? I'm saying, a black man will never dream of talking to the police high. That's a waste of weed. Serious. I'm obviously going to tell the police when I'm sleepy. Fuck around. Get the wrong ideas. Oh! Oh, my God. That nigga was on PCP, Johnson. I had to use necessary force. You saw him. No, no, no paperwork. Just sprinkle some crack on him. Let's get out of here. That's how it is, but at the time I didn't think it was anything racial about it. I was just like, man, chip, you got fucking lucky. You better be careful. But then another time, me and chip are driving. Now I'm not driving. Chip is driving, and he's driving a little crazy. He's been drinking. I don't like to let my friends drive drunk, but you know, I was smoking a joint. I couldn't really say shit to the guy. And we get it in a red light. We stop it in a red light. And the car pulls up next to us, and I'll never forget it. Chip, he looks at me as old drunk as she's like, Dave. I'm going to raise some. I knew it was a bad idea, but I was hot. I tried to explain when it was a bad idea, but all that came out was, well, I'll never sometimes get a race. I don't know. Man, that light turned green, and chip took off. Zigg's nagging at chips and all that could pass. I don't even know who was racing. Then the police seen us and pulled us over. They understand I'm scared of shit. I mean, come on. The cosmo's like, we've been speeding this man as fucking drunk. I'm scared. Chip was not scared of all. It was weird. He didn't turn his radio down. It was weird, a little bit. I mean, if you get pulled over, wouldn't you turn your radio down? Don't buy one, get the ASB to a soundtrack and shit. I'm saying, Chip had a music blast, and we're not going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. It was a day just for a lax. Close your butt cheeks. Relax. Let me do the talking. You want to know what you see it? It's almost exactly what you say. I kind of believe it. He says, oh, oh. Sorry, Officer. I didn't know I couldn't do that. I was fucking shocked. The cops said, well, now you know. Get out of here. Get the fuck out of here. Chip said, OK, I will, sir. Thank you. What? What's wrong with you, Dave? I didn't know I couldn't do that. You know, that was good, wasn't it? Because I didn't know I couldn't do that. Oh, shock. I wouldn't shock that the audacity, but I would just shock that the audacity, because I would have never thought to say that. I don't think any black dude would think to say that, because they know we know the law. Every black dude in this room is a qualified paralegal and shit. He knows a lot. One of us even started to do something wrong, an old black man, and pop out of nowhere. Make an outdo that. That's five to ten. Watch out. I'm going to lose my balls in the penalties. I shouldn't even know he couldn't race. I'm not saying I don't like police. I'm not saying that. I'm saying I'm just scared of him. And then wrong with that. Sometimes we want to call him too. Somebody broken to my house once. It's a good time to call him, but I know. Oh, my God. Open and shut case, Johnson. I saw this once before when I was a rookie. Apparently, the snigger broke in and hung up pictures of his family everywhere. Let's sprinkle some crack on him and get out of here. I said, that's a whole brutality thing. See, that's common knowledge, man. It was a time when only minorities really knew about that. I'm not going to say why people didn't believe us, but you were low skeptical. You were low skeptical. I mean, I don't blame you. And then Newsweek printed and he knew it was true. Apparently, the police have been beating up Negroes like hotcakes. It's an amazing issue. I mean, really, how could you know that? How could anyone else know? I mean, maybe you should have seen something a little suspicious. I think it was like a little suspicious. Every dead black person in police fan has cracked sprinkled on him. Come on, man. Who gets shot and sprinkles crack on themselves? Nobody will do anything. Bam! Oh, oh. I don't want to leave no mystery. I'm a paranoid guy, you know what I am. I was scared to call 911 for anything. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. I said, I'm scared to call 911. Pe most junk quando he's home after, but he will go fucking through the windows, we won't see it, he will go whatever he calls. All right,mens. Oh, so now we're going in. I mean, my mom's just coming in right away telling me she's not greeting me alright thanks, that she's coming in this time of expensive food. She's just been sitting there single of her son pick-up on Vermeer's side, I can't see. Help! Help my fucker, they're coming to get me! It's calm down, sir, where are you? Oh, I shit on myself. I can't stop crying. They played actually 30, 40 times a day. My buddies are being my funeral, looking at me. You know, they shit on themselves right now. It's all on the news. I died crying like a bitch. I'll be dead, I can't defend myself. That's not a nice thing to do. That's not a nice thing to do. It's an animal in one tape. How do you expect you to say it? Of course you're going to be scared. It's an emergency. There's nobody calls an animal in one cool and relaxed. That shit was saying ridiculous. Hello, emergency. Hi. Hey, 911, how are you? Yeah. Look, there's a group of hood at Whiteman, gathering outside of my house. And it looks like they made business. Get out here, Nader. I gotta go. You guys trained her. Too much pressure. That's my problem. I can't handle pressure. Sometimes pressure makes me talk different. I'm serious. You ever have that social pressure? You ever talk to somebody who's fake and they make you fake? Like, that county, like, hey, how you doing? You're like, fine, are you? I mean, we talk like that. I get sick of that shit. I do it. It just makes me sick. Sometimes I talk crazy just to make myself feel better. Yo, do that. It's not talking like crazy. I never heard his voice. Man. That's how bad guys use to talk in the 40s. In the old days. Say, I talk like that. Now all the time, if somebody put the pressure on me, fuck it. I gotta, I gotta cut loose. The police put me over. I talk crazy. Son. Son. Do you know why we pulled you over? Man, because I'm black, see? That's right. Man. I do. It's not illegal to talk like that. How they know I don't talk like that every day. Stop talking like that. Stop talking like that. I'm like, whack, whack, whack. Try and talk, see? You gotta make life interesting like that, because the shit is flimsy. Life is flimsy. You think you're gonna live forever? I ain't gonna live forever. It's dangerous out here. We know what's going on. I travel now. You know, I just think DC had the roughest ghettos in the country. Nah, they go, mm-hmm. I have seen some shit now. Oh, there's some rough, rough areas outside of DC. Yeah, everybody should go to the ghetto. I was taken to the ghetto one time. That's the worst. Will you get taken to the United expectant to go? Usually you wanna know when you're going to get a like, I'm gonna see some wild shit. I gotta prepare myself and go see some crazy. When you're taken, it's different. I had a limousine driver. It was after a show who was late at night. It was like three in the morning. I had a limousine driver. He was a nice guy. I was talking to me and shit. Oh, hey, where you from, dawg? DC, where? That's a rough city, man. And the cell phone started ringing. Hold on a second. Hello? Oh, something, nigga. What? What the fuck? Slow down. What the fuck? No! No! No! Fuck that! Niggas, fuck it! I'm on my way! Woo! Hey. I gotta make a stop real quick. At three o'clock in the morning. I didn't know he was taking me in to get away first. That's how I look at the window. I was like, what the fuck? Gunstore? Gunstore? Gunstore? What the fuck are you packing me? It's not look good. He didn't say shit. He just pulled up in front of my old, rickety building. That looked like a project. Now, I'd never been there before. I'm not sure if it was a project, but it certainly had older familiar symptoms of a project. Fuckin' crack head ran this way. And then another one jumped out of tree and shit. And then I said, I'll be right back. And left me. Took the keys with me. Just left me. At three o'clock in the morning, in front of a project, and a fucking limousine. This was not good. I was like, man, I gotta look around and see if I can see some landmarks and figure out where I'm at. I have to escape on foot. Now, this is when I knew I was in a bad neighborhood. You only see this in the worst neighborhoods. Remember, it's three o'clock in the morning. It's three o'clock in the morning. I look out the window. It was a fucking baby standing on a corner. It was. And the baby, the baby didn't even look scared. He was just standing there. And then he said, man, I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I mean, it made me sad. It made me sad, really good. You know what I mean? Because I wanted to help a baby. Well, I don't trust you either. I'm sorry. Click. Click. The old baby on the corner, trick, eh? I'm not gonna fall for that shit. Where's this limousine, drive me? You know, I stopped feeling bad. It's time goes by, I stopped feeling worse. I said, man, what is wrong with me? What the hell is wrong? I'm scared of a baby. This baby could be in trouble. He might need my help. I gotta do something. But I wasn't going to get out the car. I'm serious, man. I was cracking the window a little bit. There's an old limousine. I can roll it down. I'm scared. I'm scared. There's an old limousine. I can roll it down. Hey, baby. Baby, go home. Man, it's trick clock. And I'm on it. What the fuck are you doing up? The baby said, I'm selling weed. They gots at all. I want to strengthen it. I'm sorry I had to buy two bags from the car. I don't get to, I don't get to come. I'm back in the car and rolled me a joint, man. That shit was scary, man. Every once in a while, I got cracky. I would come up to the car and look at the windows. I was like Jurassic Parking. Should he be looking on the car? Hey, get out of here, cracky. That baby was still standing there, man. That's all feeling bad again. Yeah, we make it feel guilty sometimes. Yeah, man, what is wrong with me, man? I have just bought weed from an infant. I can't condone this kind of behavior. What am I thinking? I can't let the fear ruin my morals. I've got to do something. Hey, baby. Stop selling weed, all right? You got your whole life ahead of you. You said, fuck you. Look, I can't see you. That's a guy. Sam. This is that very moment when the crack hit the run across the street and got hit by a car. I know it was a hit and run. The police did it. That's all right. They springing some crack on me got back up. I'll be saying that kind of shit, man. It's what is. They use the TV to program us from a young age. You ever watch like a cartoon as you used to watching me a little as an adult? Is it wild shit? Is it wild shit? I mean, I was with my nephew. We seen him watching Peppie the Pew when I say to my neighbor, I say, now pay attention to his guy because he's funny. I used to watch him when I was little. And when we watched Peppie the Pew, when I'm old now, I'm looking like, good God. I'm kind of fucking rapist as this guy. Like, take it easy. Come on, that guy was sitting there cracking up. See, sometimes you got to take the pussy like Peppie. Like, oh, no. I had to turn the channel real quick. I turned on Sesame Street. I said, oh, Sesame Street is much better because now he'll learn how to count and spell. But now I'm watching it as an adult and I realize Sesame Street teaches kids other things. And teaches kids how to judge people and label people. That's right. They got a character on it named Oscar. The treat just got like shit, the entire show. They judge him right in his face. Oscar, you are so mean. Isn't it kids? Yeah, Oscar. You're a grouch. It's like, bitch, I live in a fucking trash can. Well, the Paul's mother book on Sesame Street. Nobody's helping me. Then you went away and kids were all up and stepped up the homeless people. Get it together, grouch. Get a job, grouch. So don't even tell me how to get to Sesame Street. That is a terrible place. I want to go there if I knew the way. Who would want to live in a neighborhood like that? Fucking six-foot pigeons walking around. The elephant, that's a junkie. A hoiper. Yeah, that's right. It's nothing. Hoiper, I'm sick. I need some smack bird. Then cook him answer with his eyes popping out his head. Cooky, cookie, cookie. Yeah. Kinda, cookies are you talking about? Chocolate chips don't do that to people. And then had to nerve to put a pimple on them. They didn't come out and say he's a pimple. But I know a pimple when I see one. They called him an account. Panicapin every time. You know, seeing pimping, bitch, where does my money? You've been late four times I've been counting. How many times must I smack you before you act right? One, two, two, spots! Ah, ah, ah, ah. Ah, ah, ah, ah. That's the thing, there's so many stuff to worry about. You know, the more you know, the more you don't know, the more you shit. You know, like a lot of people would be telling me, Dave, you know, you just got relaxed and racist and think we buggin' you too much. I'd be thinking about it sometimes, shit don't happen. You know, a lot of black people can relate to this. Have you ever had something happen that was so racist that she didn't even get mad? He was just like, God, damn, that was racist. That was racist. I mean, it was so blatant. He was just like, wow. Right, he almost like it didn't even happen to. He was like a fucking movie. That was, I used watching Mississippi burning. Wow. And having a meal, I was in Mississippi. I was in Mississippi doing a show. And I go to the restaurant to order some food. And I said to the guy, I say, I would like to have, and before I even finish my sentence, he says, the chicken. What the fuck? What? I could not believe it. I could not believe that shit. This man was absolutely right. I said, how did he know that I was going to get some chicken? I asked him, I said, how you know that? How did you know I was going to get some chicken? He looked at me like I was crazy. Come on, buddy. Come on, buddy. Now, everybody knew, soon you out to the goddamn door, you're going to get some chicken. I had a no-seeker down here that blacks and chickens are quite fond of one another. Then I finally understood what he was saying, and I got upset. I wasn't even mad. I was just upset. I wasn't ready to hear that shit. All these years, I thought I liked chicken, because it was delicious. Turns out I'm genetically predisposed to like a chicken. I said, like, what? I got no say in the man. I got a ruined chicken for me. I'm scared he didn't public. I was somebody I see me and say something. Yeah, I mean, I eat some chicken. Look at him. He loves him. Just like it's sitting in Cyclopedia. Look how happy he looks. Sometimes you will be too much of you. Has show business been crazy? That's what the culture's really collide. Show business bring a lot of races together. Sometimes it works. Sometimes it don't. This is one thing that happens that's funny. Sometimes I'll be on a business call, right? You know, like with the lawyer, something. Don't my lawyer's be white. And I will be on a call, right? And they'll be like, oh, okay, Dave, we're going to close the deals. That fine with you? I'll be like, yeah, that's good for me. Great. Great. You have a good week, Dave. I'll be like, all right, you two, man. Peace. All right, bye-bye. Bye-bye. LAUGHTER I know what the saying, right? So sometimes I'll make up shit that's not even sane. Just to see how they handle it and should be. It'd be the same business call. All right, we're going to close the deals. That fine with you, Dave? Yeah, that sounds good to me. Great. You have a good week, Dave. All right, buddy. Zip it up and zip it out. Yeah. Aw. All right, so be the new dog. Bye-bye. APPLAUSE Sometimes, you know, sometimes raises and works out and black people's favor. Yeah, it doesn't happen often. It happens very rarely. But when it happens, it is fucking sweet. LAUGHTER I'm serious. There's one time raises and save my life, man. I was on a plane. I was coming from overseas. And I don't know how this guy got a machine gun on the plane. But he stood up, man. He said, everybody, get on the fucking ground. Nobody look at my face. I started freaking out. Because he was Chinese. I was like, why is he talking like that? LAUGHTER He was screaming and crying. I was the only brother on the plane. Well, I thought I was the only brother. I looked over. It was one of the black dudes. He was from Nigeria. I looked over them. He was looking right in my face, man. He didn't say two words to me. He just looked at me. He was like, pfft. LAUGHTER He didn't need to talk. I knew just what he was talking about. I looked right back at him. That's right. LAUGHTER So my dudes on the front of the plane seen us. They were like, oh, my god. LAUGHTER I think those black guys are going to try to save us. LAUGHTER Mmm. We were just communicating that we understood the situation. We were both seeing the same thing. And what we understood was simple. Terrorists don't take black hostages. LAUGHTER That's the truth. I have yet to see one of us on the news. Reading the hostage letter. Um, hmm. They is treating us good. We all chilling in shit. I like to give a shout out to Ray Ray and Big Steve and I see some new porn. LAUGHTER You're not going to see it. Terrorists are smart. They know what they're doing now. They're terrorists. They know what black people's bad bargaining chips. LAUGHTER They called the white hostages. Hello. We have got five blood. Hello. LAUGHTER You be back in DC. You know what I'm going to say, man, this is an election year. I'm asking you, your white guy, do you know who you're voting for yet? Don't know, do you? Now, you see that? You see what just happened here? Let me tell you something. That is a cultural thing. He knows who is going to vote for. He's just not going to tell me. See? I've noticed that. That is a cultural thing. The white people do not like to talk about their political affiliations. It's a secret. You know, that's the white guy who's voting for you. Hey, Bob, Bob, we're going to vote for it. Day, day, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Well, take it easy now. Take it easy. So anyway, I was fucking my wife and a rast, right? And I mean, it was something else. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But who are you voting for? Dates! Dave, come on with the voting. I'm trying to talk about the fucking my wife here. Ask me all these personal questions. LAUGHTER They don't like to divulge that information, because it matters to them. Black people talk about that shit. Black people will openly talk about politics. Black people will openly talk about beating up politicians or shit. I see George Bush, our kicker's motherfucking ass for cutting my Medicaid. LAUGHTER Oh, okay, okay, let me see it. APPLAUSE Probably just say it. But there's a reason for that. There's a matter is more for the matters more. Black people see, it's even when I vote, right? Which I don't. But even when I think about who I would vote for, right? I don't even look at their political policies. I just look at their character. You know what I'm saying now? You got to read, no, I'm serious. You got to read between the lines. You know, you look at Clinton and black people like Clinton, because we've seen him on a campaign trail. He actually just picked up black baby up and kicked him. Come here, little nigger baby. Oh, I just cut from... LAUGHTER Okay. Mm-hmm. I like that. He did not have the pain or nothing. You see, George Bush Jr., he'd be like, ugh. LAUGHTER Oh, crap. Like I said, I'd never vote for George Bush Jr., but I don't know George Bush Jr.'s politics. I don't think I know about George Bush Jr. is that that guy, sniff cocaine, that's right. Now listen, we cannot have that shouldn't a White House. That might be fine for a mayor, but God damn it, not in the White House. LAUGHTER Right in the White House. LAUGHTER Thank you. You're welcome. The stakes are too high in the White House. I can't have no Coke here, President. Oh. He'd be selling nuclear seekers for $20, $30 in shit. LAUGHTER Could be a meetings in Barrison America. Come on. Sign the treaty, baby. I suck your dick like what the hell? Mr. President. Mmm. Mr. President, that is not how we do business here, sir. Stop sucking the ambassador's dick. No, I'm not letting finish. LAUGHTER I was signing the treaty. There will be peace in Israel finally. I'd both be quaintly getting back to it. At least, it's always better. CHEERING Now again, I'm not looking at his politics. I don't know what his politics are. I'm just looking at his behavior. I understand that kind of behavior. I know a lot of dudes with them shortcomings. We've smoking fornicators. There's a lot of them. I mean, come on now. Let's be honest. Bill Clinton was not the first president to do what he did. Now, let's just... Let's think back for him. A rumor guy named Kennedy, John F. Kennedy, remember him, he fucked Marilyn Monroe. Matter of fact, him and his brother Bobby fucked Marilyn Monroe. And history doesn't talk about that much. You know why history doesn't talk about that much? Because those two pages in history, I stuck together. They were getting on. They were getting it on. I've seen the tapes. Remember the tapes you'd be singing on there? See this party? Stressing the magic. He is dead. Mr. Prince is dead. Bitch, my family's here. Clinton did the same thing. But he didn't do it like that. Because the year 2000, he's busier than Kennedy was. He was a busy man. Clinton did that kind of thing the way busy men do it. You know what busy men do? They fuck who's close to them. I can tell that's what Clinton was up to. Look like your stuckers head out the office door. You know what? I'm not a busy man. I'm not a busy man. I'm not a busy man. I'm not a busy man. I'm not an Benjamin Ryan Hillary Clinton. I am And in the top of it all, if he lied, which I thought was just, I thought that was special. I think it, man. I don't know how he did. I've been accused of having sex with a girl I'd have not had sex with before. And let me tell you something, that shit isn't furious. You ever go through that thing? You know, it'll make you crazy. You screaming at your best friends. I didn't touch that bitch thing. I kill you. Fuck you, nigga. I kill you. Please believe me. Please believe me. You're Clinton didn't do it like that, did it? Clinton came out of the press conference all relaxed. It's the shoulders all relaxed and all this trouble. Look like you just got done fucking a something. Oh. Listen. Let me tell you something, America. I don't think you heard me the first time. I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Mr. Whiskey. Come on, dude. You know what I mean? Everybody knew that thing was male like nobody came. Nobody came. We all watched. We was disgusted. We kept watching the news. I know I was taping it. So I'd be the crib like baby, turn the lights off. The news is coming on. Every week on 60 minutes was a different girl accused in Clinton. I remember Kathleen Willie came out. She was upstairs. The president called me into his office. He began... ...sarging my breast. So I'm sorry. And then he placed my hand on his genitals. And Bradley was shocked. Who? Was he a rouse? I was at home like, yeah, was he a rouse? And then if Bradley looked right in the camera, he said, don't bust that nut yet. We'll be right back. Oh, man, the news ain't never been so good. But there were no victims. Only one I feel sorry for is that the wind's gaffer, don't you feel sorry for her? God, thank him. I have a heart. That's a hard thing to be famous for, man. Nobody want to be the most famous cock suck of all times. I feel bad for her. Not even the women feel sorry for a little bit, ladies. Now that's jealousy. That's what that is. Come on, that girl suck is going to haunt her for the rest of her life. Long after she spent that money up, that's still going to haunt her. I know there's a lot of women in here with the least one dick they regret. And I bet she wasn't a president's dick. I bet she worked at Kenny Shoes, a safe way, and something like that. Don't go judging her. See, we got to stop judging people. That girl was young and she made a mistake that young girls make. She wanted to fuck a powerful man. Period, as far as she thought it through. She wanted to think about how powerful the president was. She had no wisdom. Older women were going to help everybody. Older women would have been in there. You know, you should lower taxes. You know what I'm saying? Older women would have sucked this into the utopia. Last thing I was about it is this, that he is a famous man. I have a dream to be him famous, but I never dreamt of being that famous. I never understood how famous a president was. Well, imagine if someone could suck your dick and then they're famous. You know what I'm saying? That's crazy. That's crazy. I mean, no guy would thought of that. There's nobody with a pickup line that good and shit. They suck my dick. There's a future in it. Well, that's it now. Get out there and be somebody. Go out of the book. You're called by an offer now. Go out of the book. Said, I'm in the wrong business. I should be the president. Shit, I'm in the wrong business. See, only reason I want to be president is because I'm black. That doesn't make it too hot for me. You know what I mean? I think it could be a black president one day, but you don't want to be the first one. I mean, second and third, that's fine, but that first nigga better watch out. I'm going to tell you that right now. Too hot. I mean, I'd be the first black president. I don't think that nobody would really hurt me. I'm sure somebody would want to hurt me, but I don't think they touched me. Because of my vice president will be Mexican for a little insurance. You know what I'm saying? You can shoot me if you want, but you're just going to open the border up. You might as well leave me and vice president Santiago to our own devices. Ain't that right, Santiago? See? See? Elian can stay. Don't worry, don't worry, I don't got no Elian jokes. All I'll say about Elian is thank God is Cuban. If Elian comes out of the house, was Elian the moonbow from honey? They'd have pushed that little rubber tube right back in the water. Sorry, I fell on the floor. Good luck. The only thing I decided that bothers me the most is the way that men and women don't get along no more. That's really what's bugging me about it. Men and women just don't get along. Like I hear women say this all the time. I know a lot of you say it's going to be like, shivery is dead. Don't you know what I'm saying? I feel that way, like men aren't gentlemen anymore. That's right, shivery is dead and women killed it. As a fundamental difference in the way we're going to see things, we're not going to see out of our own issue. We're just not. Our test in life are different. A woman's test in life is material. A man's test in life is a woman. Now by test I mean those are the things that we desire. Men have nice cars, not because they like nice cars, because they know women like nice cars. That's how it goes. Because men are hunters and the car is the bait. And a woman comes and says, ooh nice Porsche. Gotcha bitch. That's how it is. That's true. Come on there, you go to a woman's house, their house be comfortable as shit. Women love comfortable surroundings so men get comfortable surroundings. Let me tell you something. If a man could fuck a woman in a cardboard box, he wouldn't buy a house. But that's still not where shivery got killed. Shivery got killed by the feminist movement on the magazines that got women going crazy. Because women got too much advice about men from other women. And they don't know what the fuck they talk about. It's true. I see this shit in a magazine. I don't read them but I've been seeing the cover. I've been a grocery store fellow and they've been saying the cover. 100 Ways to Please Your Man by Some Lady. Get out of here. You know 100 Ways. This is 4th things. I'm just psyched with dick, paper's balls and then fix them a sandwich and don't talk so much. And then the magazines trick the women. The magazines stop picking at your self-esteem. Every page you turn you start feeling fatter and uglier. And you feel like your clothes aren't good enough. And the magazines have you forgotten how fucking beautiful you are. And that's what happens. Now look what happens. And then you forget how beautiful you are and we all suffer. If pussy was a stop, it would be plummeting right now because you flooded the market with it. You're giving it away too easy. I'm just being truthful. I'm just talking. It would plummet. Maybe watch the news today. Pussy plummet again. Well, let us stand. Gold is up 10 points. You can see it. You ever have this happen. This is how confusing it is. This is the practical application when I'm talking about. Like a guy be out. This happen to go out guys. You be out of club. All right. He's kicking with your boys and a girl walks by and a man she looks good. She looks good. Not good in that classical way. I mean, you know, I'm talking good. Like she got half her ass hanging out her skirt. Her titties are all mashed together, popping out the top of her turtle neck and shit. And he was your buddies, right? He was your buddies. You got a couple of drinks in here. And you see, I just might try to talk to him. I'm not going to come out right now. I don't know what you say. Damn, look at him titties. The girl gets mad. Oh, oh, oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Just because I'm dressed this way does not make me a whole. Which is true. Gentlemen, that is true just because they dress a certain way. It's a mean they are a certain way. Don't ever forget it. But ladies, you must understand that that is fucking confusing. Just the ends. Now that would be like me. They should peel the comedian walking around the streets and a cop being a fool. Somebody might run up on me. Oh, thank God. Officer, help us. Come on over here. Help us. I'm not going to let all. Just because I'm dressed this way does not make me a police officer. You know what I'm saying? It's like, all right, lady, fine. Fine. You are not a whore. But you are. We're in a whore's uniform. I'll tell you that. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're not a whore. You're going to misunderstand this can happen. And then, man, we misunderstand women a lot. You know, we always undermine their feelings. You can't do that to them. You can't. Because, see, feelings, this year they clap and feelings are very important to women. They are all important. I'm just learning this shit. Everything's based on how they feel. You can hear when they tell stories. If a man tells a story, it'd be just facts. Who what? When, where, why? It was me and Bob. We was at Safeway. And then, I said, this. And I pushed that nigga and then I broke out. That's the story. That's the story. Women tell stories. All these feelings. Well, first of all, he was understanding. I was on my period and I just talked to my mother. So, I was feeling like, I was telling him feelings. What the fuck happened? You can do it. You can do it. But they got to talk about him. They got to talk about him. That's how they always get me. I was sitting there watching TV, chilling and shit. My old lady come up to me. David? We need to talk. Five. I don't say that out loud. That's how I feel inside. Because I know every time we need to talk, we need to talk about some shit that I gotta do. We don't have to talk about anything she needs to do. She leads me defenseless. I have to do what I have to do. David? We need to talk. Nah. Don't do that to me, David. This is serious. Stop talking in that voice. Now, see. I gotta do this. See. See. See. I can play, but I'm happy I'm with somebody. I don't want to be single. I don't like that. Sometimes you go to the single club. You see too much. I was on the road. One club and I seen a thing they call a phone contest. Yeah. Yeah. I seen a phone contest. There's some scandal. This shit all right. I couldn't get over that, man. Because I DJ, you know, I was dancing with a girl and they said, Everybody that wants to be in the phone contest, please report to the DJ book. Excuse me. They pulling that song. They let me see something. That girl was going off. Some of them pull their pants down. Some pull their skirts up. All of them just shaking their butts. Some of them didn't even have underwear on. It was just fucking trickling their butt. I mean, I was fucking disgusting. But I couldn't turn away. Please put a squeamish. This buggy is all right. One of the girls gets so into it. There's no cops around, right? But she actually, I'm sorry to tell you all this, she spreads her butt cheeks open. She spreads her butt cheeks open. And I remember they crowded disco, right? I was discussing, because I was like 10 yards away from her. I was like, oh my god. Is that her birth come out? Oh, it gets worse. Oh, my god, almighty. Is that a baby? I know it has gross, it's gross, because it was a baby. It was the same baby from the project. She's like, I snuck in a club, nigga. I got that lead if you need me. Just pan on hand. And now come out. Hey guys, thank you very much. Good night. I'm not going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. I'm going to leave my voice. Live from the Murat Theater in Indianapolis. From the Kings of Comedy, the Platinum Comedy Series presents DL Hugley, funnier than ever before. I knew it. They did this because the Timber 11, we should have been in there. September 11th and a half. Because if they ever would have some software, they'd like to. I didn't like people with $27 tickets to Detroit. I got a nice. You got so nice. I got my nice. Bill got him. Pete's dead being five. Hey Bill, you in Pete's. I bet I beat it in my heart. I bet I beat it in my heart. I'm going to impeach my foot up somebody. And don't play with my money like that. Black folk and white folk. We don't have our problem before. But we be damned and somebody new going from him. He's an odd white folk. Y'all leave my loan. That ain't racist. That's American. And racism is more American than apple pie. What need to be said? Coming to a store near you. It's the comedy concept the world has been waiting for. There's right. He's shaking God there, man. It's bold. Blin, blin, blin. Funny. That look like old summer bin Laden. Larry. That's keepers out this building right now. I'd be like I've been to I take this stool. Outright hysteric. Stonehill. Quick and light up. Watch yourself. I see your ass at the bar for hot. One of the original kings of high. Sedra, the entertainer. You as I can fly. And his started line. No doubt, no doubt. This concert is guaranteed. She looked to make you laugh. You gotta keep your eye on you. You can let your eye come out like that. Open, no right. Yeah, he acting funny. Laugh like you never had before. It's the comedy concert the world has been waiting for. In store now. Full contact comedy at its best. Sedra, the entertainer. And the starting lineup. I'm gonna do my thing. It's gonna be a lot of fun tonight. But this is what I call the starting lineup. They great. They perform with me awesome along. You will be entertained. Plus, I'm gonna be doing my thuzzle too. You know your time is running short. Fallen American flags on your car. And you ain't got no day. I'm insurance. The none like that. You know what I'm just. But he's like, ah, he's a patriot. Let him go on, Perouille. Sedra, the entertainer. And the starting lineup. Part two. Coming soon to home video. The man. The man. That's what I'm talking about. The king about Rangers comedy. Jesus, what's going on? Direct from HBO, it's Steve Harvey. This is great. You better not say what I think you about to say. Stick it in. I'm talking just where you at. The comic genius of Steve Harvey and the kick ass special. That leaves the others behind. You know, this is a couple things you can wear to bed. Like a G-string. Ladies, when we see a string, go down to crack a yo-ass. Oh! I don't give a damn if we're in the string. Go down there. We don't see a no-mo. As long as we know it, we're down in now. And come up in the front. Oh! It's going to be some hell up in here to see you. One man. I am, Tiger Woods. No. He's Steve Harvey. Tiger Woods. Tiger Woods. And his HBO special. Coming soon to home video. Ladies and gentlemen. Make sure hands together for Michael Coulier. Just when you think you've seen it all. For God. A stand-up comic. For Michael Coulier. Who reveals it all? I smoke so much gut. Damn, Crap. One day I broke into my own damn heart. Michael Coulier has hit the big time. I get three nights cost, four nights homes, and a awful lot of money. Some way up. And now he's going back to where it all began. We heard you was doing some of the video in the project. We ain't always going to be our project. It's just called the Michael Coulier project. Get ready to meet the man. And I mean a real man. Who tells it like it is. I didn't want to do that. I had to. You can find on Good Week. A one hour comedy special. Wow. The Michael Coulier project. Coming soon to Urban Works Home video. Skip Home, booted button naked if you have to. All right, like everybody thinks my name is Tyra Banks. But like my real name is Tyra Reacher-Bandquit. And see I had no Alex since I was like 13 and like he straight funny. And like y'all need to watch him and straight clown him because like back in the day, like when we was chilling in Inglewood, like Alex would be having like everybody laughing the stuff. Hi, I'm Tyra Banks. Watch Alex Thomas straight clowning. Cause he is a fool. A truthful. Check out Alex Thomas. Thomas straight clowning. Hi. This is Dr. Dre. And what y'all need to do is check out my man Alex Thomas. Cause he straight clowning. Can I get my money now? Yeah. Alex Thomas is straight clowning. Yo, what's up this is Jimmy Fox. Check out my man Alex Thomas straight clown. I'm rolling with Alex Thomas and the K-Star wants to stop. Alex Thomas West West y'all. He straight clowning. Yo, this is shit. Check out Alex Thomas straight clowning. It's the first annual Shaquille O'Neal comedy role starring Queen Latifah. Oh, wow Shaquille O'Neal y'all. Steve Harvey, Sid and Attila, Tommy Davidson, Bill Bellamy and more. They're riffing in Disneyland, talking trash, couldn't have beat man down the side. Check, you got the, I mean the whole S on the thing. Don't you think that's a little 13, a little 14. Okay. I mean does have a really big heart. You got some big ass teeth. You never want your fighting skills. You ain't slip with Mark and Flip your ass. You feel super starship, K-Lo, Neil. Like you'll see him like never before. Oh, man. Total access. It's Shaquille O'Neal comedy role. It's it is huge. What's Shaquille? What were you thinking about? I'm in the home video soon. Yeah. You and back here in front of my mama. I got some weight. Put my hair in your place like this. Like you've never seen before. Oh my god. It isn't hot in here. What's talking about hell? And goddamn, it's working. You know somebody, bruh, bruh. Be so bad you can see the words coming out of them out. You be standing and talking. Yeah, I see what you talking about. What's that player? Everything alright? Woo! Don't put him in the pub. You grab him and you and trouble. He's a ninja. You settle it and mama say, hey, oh no. You want to make me mad? You tell me, I'll ask you to go out of the bitch. I'll set this theater on fire. Bruce Bruce is funny, hilarious, larger than life. And he's coming to a store near you soon. You
. II . money so I am up! Come on man. Buddy, come on man let's wake up. Let's go dude. It's not even wake up baby. Wake up baby. Get your ass up! Whoa man get up dude. Stop swinging homie man wake up. Get it up! Wake your ass up Zoe! I love you. I love you too. You ready to get up? Oh shhh. Stop you dude. Get away from me. Hey where's mom? She left us and this time it's for good no thanks to you guys. Then why do you leave this list? Because I mess with you. What does it say? Whoa. It's long. Laundry pick up clothes from cleaner, room dogs, from toilets, grocery shopping, set up tax appointment, pay gas bill. Let's go guys. Come on. Let's go hustle hustle up. Nice hustle Zee. Let's go. Alright Zoe nice. Daddy did you finish the list? Hey guys I hope you got your PJs on. And they all lived happily ever after. V and what a great story guys right? So it's time to go to sleep I'm tired I know you guys are. You have a story for you daddy. About what? A famous comedian. Really let me guess his name was Todd Rex. No, he Rex. Really? What happened? He had a big special coming up. A super big special coming up. Special nice. Everybody in the crowd was so excited to see T Rex. And then what if his comedian friends brought them up on stage? Alright ladies and gentlemen coming to the stage please welcome one of the funniest comedians and human beings that I know. So one and only Mr. Todd Rex. Wow this is amazing this must be very amazing for you you're welcome. You're welcome this must be very amazing for you. Thank you guys for coming out this is fucking fantastic. I can't tell you how excited I am to be here right off the bat. I have four kids so I'm happy to be anywhere these motherfuckers aren't. You know you have kids you know what I'm talking about you love them but sometimes you just want to get the fuck away. Because beating it is illegal. So I just go on the road for a few days. My kids cry, daddy are you really leaving for another five days? I'm like doing it five days or five to seven years motherfuckers. I'm about to catch a charge. I can be back Monday I can be back for graduation. Four of them and my oldest is 24. She graduated from Wesley in two years ago. And our youngest is in diapers. Yeah he's 15. It's kind of fucked up at our house man. Stupid not stop shitting his pants. I can't tell if he's smart or stupid. Dude just those shitting your pants are like dude you're still changing them. You got a point one of us needs to knock this off. Like kids will rob you of your time, your freedom, your money, your fun. You know your ability to stay up late and take all that but you'll go back and fuck and make more. That's how good that vagina is. Like let's do another one I don't care. My life is already over at this point. That's a gamble right? And it's the worst gamble the odds are horrible. Ten minutes of XC for 18 years of responsibility. There's a horrible odds. That's why I'm like old ladies now man. Hot ladies don't even turn me on like hot girls hot chicks. Don't do it for me anymore man because three of my four kids were conceived when my wife was on birth control. One was the pill and other two times was IUD. I don't even know what an IUD is. My wife tried to describe what it is to me but all I can picture is it's not work and number one. Number two I can only imagine it's like a crown on the tip of my penis going to the side like, ah where the eggs at? Wakey wakey eggs and bakey. How do you watch an egg? Let's do this. Let's make lives and ruin them at the same time. That's why I like old ladies hot girls we go to Vegas and we go all over the country we see hot girls. And I'm like, why do you think about her? I'm like, ah that's a baby waiting to happen right there. She's fertile I'm potent I can't have that. I need an old lady in my life. My friends like, I'm not the wrong with a cool girl. I'm like, cool girl I need a saber tooth. I need them old. I don't chance a pregnancy like even if she does get a pregnancy there's no way that she's going to make it to term either. Like you want to term me on tell me at last doctor's appointment he told you to get your affairs in order. That's what I want to hear. How do you go with the doctors, Maude? You told me to tie up any loose ends I may have. Hell yeah, dude. Let's go back to your house and have sex in that hospital bed in the living room. I'm the one who I am the better I like. I need the white hair upstairs and downstairs. I won't even click on a video unless the thumbnail looks like she's sitting on a colonial wig. I'm not bony old ladies right. But you know, four kids though man. Wow, that'll make you real evaluate. Like I can't tell you how many times like if you have kids you know they always want to look at your phone. They always want to talk to you, XM, Disney, all the other, you know the shit that little kids do. I just got to get away from my at least three times a day. I act like I'm taking a dump just to go in the bathroom and get some peace and quiet. I'm sitting on the edge of the tub just looking around the room. Checking stuff out looking at grout lines. I never use to pay attention to grout lines. Just to get away I can probably do those tiles better. I'm not even a homeowner like that. I call people to fix them like I can fucking do that better. Daddy, what are you doing in there? I'm snapping off a stink pickle man. What do you think I'm doing? Why are you sitting on the tub? Are you fucking looking under the door dude? Come on man, give me some privacy. Why are you sitting on the tub? Look man, I paid the mortgage. I'll shit where I want. When you pay the mortgage you can take a dump of this thing. I don't care. This dude is looking. Now I got to be a method actor. Now I got to put my pants and underwear into the floor and be in front of the toilet. I'm not even sitting on the toilet. One time I was standing in front of the toilet. Pants and underwear around my ankles and I got a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I looked awful. Telephone in my hand, tee shirt on and dick out. Like, when do you the poo? I was like, what the fuck am I doing right now? Did you get my shit sick stuff? But I do like to get out of the house man, four kids man. My 24 year old just got to be the lazyest kid on the fucking planet. Like she wanted to get her own tampons. I'm going to the store. I'm like, she's way going. I'm going to the store. Okay, you'll see when you get back. And then 10 minutes later she'll call me. Oh, are you at the store yet? Yeah, I'm at the store. Can you pick me up some tampons? I'm like, why the fuck didn't you add? Why don't you come with me? You knew I was coming. You can't get your own goddamn tampons. You're like, you don't know what it's like. We don't know. I'm too dizzy from the plug loss. My underwear looks like the first 48. It's a crime scene. Yeah, that's right. I hate buying, I always feel like I'm robbing a bank when I go into buy tampons. I have to case the joint first and fucking walk it around. Make sure I don't know anybody in this motherfucker before I put some tampons on the counter. I don't know if you know this lady's, but guys, we make judgements on your vagina based on the tampons. Your man puts on the counter. I'm standing in line behind the duty of those of the box on the counter. I'm like, God damn. Super absorbent with odor control. Like, no fucking deal. You even want to go home right now? Like, you're fucking out. Dude, just keep fucking heading south. What the fuck are you doing? Ode control. Like, super size looks like a stick of dynamite with a tugboat rope hanging off the end of it. A broom-shimp docking rope. I'm calling my daughter. I'm like, all right, I'm talking to her on the phone. I'm like, all right. I'm like, what's one's do you want? She's like, I need you to get me the sport tampons. I'm like, who the fuck is this? Sport. You're the lazyest bitch in the house. What the fuck do you need? Sport tampons for. Why don't you be a sport and get off the fucking couch and get your own fucking tampons? Instead of sending me down here. Just look for the girl running on the box. No, I'm not looking for the girl running. I'm looking for the fucking chick laying on the couch with the crumbs on her fucking chest. Fucking remote control. I'm looking at the TV. I want to see the TV glow on the box on your face. The lazy millennial tampons. This is a box of bald-up napkins. You just put them in their underwear. The sport ones are just a couple of tube socks. They're just sport tampons with two socks. Actually, I don't mind going to the store to get tampons. It's a, you know, getting tampons is a small price to pay for 20 minutes of freedom out of the house. I'll go to the store and get them damn tampons. But I got to sneak out of the house. My kids know I'm going to the store. They want to come with me. The little ones are like, we want to go! Ice cream chips! I'm like, fuck, I got to sneak out. So I open the garage door and go through the garage so they can't hear me open the front door. By the time they realize I'm out of the house, I'm already sideways down the driveway. That's my time. Now I'm doing me. If you're a parent, you know what I'm talking about. Like, you're like, holy shit, I'm by myself. I don't know what the fuck to do. Why don't I have kids? Oh my god, this is amazing! I'm fucking listening to hip-hop with all the cuss words. Fucking smoking weed in the car. I'm jerking off. Woo! Fuck the police! Woo! Throwing the bars up out of the sunroof, head out the window like, ACE Venture. Woo! My neighbors think I'm crazy. What the hell is wrong with you? Come on, you know I have children! My 20-minute vacation to the store always turns into nothing less than an hour for no other reason than I had ejaculated and fell asleep in the parking lot. I'm ashamed to tell you how many times I'll wake enough 45 minutes later with my dick stuck to my stomach. Shuffle you through the female products aisle. Come home, my wife was like, really? It took you an hour to go to the store. I'm like, I was looking for the specific tampons with the chicken and kayak on the box. Couldn't find them. She was like, you jerked off again, didn't you? What? This is ridiculous. Why would you think I jerked off in the parking lot? Because when you left the house, you were wearing two socks. Where's your other sock? You're ridiculous. You know, you better hope no one gets murdered in that parking lot. They're going to scour the parking lot, find one of your nutty socks and tie you to that murder. Tie me to that nutty sock. There's a preposterous hypothesis. Fast forward to 2.30 in the morning. I'm losing sleep. Restless laying in bed. That's a problem. Go down there and get that fucking sock. I can't go to jail for a fucking sock. I've talked a lot of shit about my family, but I love my kids, man. It's beautiful, man. They drive me nuts, but I wouldn't have it any other fucking way. I have three girls and a boy. My boy is the youngest. He's not really 15. He's seven. He's not a diapers. I'm not a diapers. I'm not a diapers. I'm not a diapers. I'm a diapers. He's not a diapers. But having three girls is a lot different than having boys. My mom was like, you have to raise them on the equal playing field. I'm like, you can't raise them on the equal playing field. She's like, why not? Because girls are different than boys. It's just true. You can't raise them the same. Say there's two parents sitting at home and they both get a call from the school and one's a little boy and one's a little girl. And they call from the school and say, hey, we found a little girl in the closet sucking a little boy's neck. What's parent you want to be? to be. Right? They're different. Like when you got girls and it's different from boys like my son, I just have to worry about his dick. With girls, I can worry about all the dicks. And I hate it. All the dicks are coming to my house looking for my older daughters. They're all talking all genuinely when they meet me like, oh, Mr. Rex, you got a nice house here, Mr. Rex, you must be doing very well for yourself. Oh, is that the Mrs. What a stunning vision of beauty. Now I see where your daughter gets it from. I hate I hate. When my kids start doing this when they look at your wife, I hate I hate. My brother told me he's like, look, man, you want to scare these kids? What you got to do is get a pistol clean the pistol when they come over. I'm not going to come. I'm not cleaning the pistol in front of these kids. Half these kids probably got better weaponry than I got. I started cleaning the gun and the kid walked in. Oh, I got one of those two except my firing pins filed down. So that's just auto. I'll let these kids know I'm crazy on the whole nother level. They come into my house. I scared the shit out of them. They come to the door. I see him pull up in the driveway. I come to the door and gear. I got my roll bond, some sandals in the sombrero. As naked underneath. All that shit was in my dick. The semi. It's not hard. It's just nothing. It's not touching the nuts. The fuck is wrong? Oh, it's slowly masturbating. Make eye contact. The creepy eye contact with no face expression is what sells it. Like just know it. Like you're doing it, but don't even like it. You got to follow those little creepy shit. Like yo, come on in young man. Have a seat next to that jar of Vaseline with all the hair in it. The threat of getting touched by a grown man's penis is stronger than the threat of getting shot. Like we're probably put a gun on my face. I had to like, ah. Get me an vital organ with the fucking business. That dick ain't circumcised. I don't know if I can take that one. See, as you know, they can think it's scary getting a fight and see what happens. You take your dick out. The dynamic of the fight changes immediately. You begin to ask me, like, fuck, oh, shit. Okay. I'll write this. I'll do it. As soon as your dick comes out, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, don't touch me with that dick. Stop playing, man. Stop. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, trying to get your friends. Hey, so tackle this motherfucker. Your friends, like I'm like in my new shirt all dicky. That's right there with me. I'm sorry. I'll clean it up. Me and my wife, we named all our daughters together. Taylor, Zoe, and Zion, my youngest daughter Zion, she's nine. She asked where we got the names from for our daughters, where all the kids in the family. And Taylor was like, yeah, this should be fine. So we sat down and it's like, all right, guys, gather around. Let me tell you how you got your names and what they mean. I was like, Zion, since you asked what your name means and where it came from. Well, Zoe used to love lions and she wanted to name you a Z name, but she decided how about Zion, like lion, but with a Z. So we named you Zion. And it's cool because they mean safe haven and a protector of man. And she was like, yay. And then Zoe was like, what is my name? Me and I was like, Zoe means life. And that's exactly what you've given us by being here. You've given us life. And she was like, oh, that's so sweet. And Taylor was like, looking at her phone. She was like, what is my name? Me. And I was like, a fixer of clothes. That's the first time I ever heard her cut. She was like, mother fuck, a really? It was easy to name all our girls together because we just sat down and we came up with names together and it was a process. But I don't know what it was about after having three girls having a boy finally putting this them on the apple. I wanted to name my son. I wanted him to have the coolest name on the planet. Like, you know, our last name is Rex, which means King and Latin. It's a great last name. So I'm not going to have like Elliott Rex. You know, your name is the only I'm sorry. But Elliott's going to be like, fuck this guy. Elliott's of the world tonight. This guy. So I decided that I was going to be the sole one to name my son because I have a pretty cool idea of what I want to name my son out of cool, you know, a couple ideas. And my wife is like, we should, we should have a conversation about what we are naming our son. And no, she doesn't really sound like that. But that's the voice I go to when I start losing arguments and every guy in here does that with their wife. Yo, you coming over to watch the game? Yo, I was going to, but then my wife came home talking about, we're going to do a movie. We're going to go do a wide tasting and there's going to be more now and be no, go easy. I want you to be amazing. Bridget from HR is going to be here. Women, you do the same thing you made it. You make it sound like you made the dumbest dude on the planet. You made my wife does it all the time. I never said I was taking the dish out of the dishwasher. She's like, yes, you did. You were like, oh, my day's the day's just other than that. It's going to pull them away too. They're going to be so proud of me. And then I'm going to lay on the couch and scratch my penis for three hours. Oh, that's what I said. I'm going to scratch my penis. You said, you're going to get me. I'm going to get me. I'm going to get me. I'm going to get me. My poor kids are watching this shit like, would you guys knock it off at the school night? I'm trying to with your mom's like, yeah, because your dad's like, no. Poor kids. So my wife is very intellectual. She's the smartest person outside of marrying me. She's the smartest fucking person I've ever met in my life. That's her clapping like shit. That's the bad shitty sad all right. So when I had to shut the names down that she had chosen, I had, you know, I just had to shut them. I can't just say, I don't like that name. I had to come up with a ridiculous reason. The more ridiculous the reason the better it is for me because it shows I put in some effort. So she, she, I saw the list ahead of time. So I had a shit plan. So she was like, okay, why have some names? I was like, let me hear these bullshit names. You got picked out. I just started talking different around the house. I was like, super macho about it. I was like, let me hear these names that you have picked out these bullshit names. And she was like, well, what about the name Cody? I'm like death sentence. And she was like, what? I was like, Cody's don't live to be old. You never met an 80 year old Cody. 80 year olds walking around shady acres or timey community. Hey, they called me the coaster. This is my best friend Tristan. Cody's always die young doing dumb shit like ex-game stuff, wing-suiting and jumping dirt bikes. Watch the ex-games. Watch somebody kids who name Cody. Those motherfuckers don't live long. She wanted to name my son after me. My name is Todd. Fucking Todd. It's not even a name. It's a sound. Todd. It's not short for anything. My name is not Todd. I think it's a fucking Todd. My brother's name is Greg, but his full name is Gregory. When he got in trouble, my mom was like, Gregory. There's no way to fucking extend my name because he just steps, say it longer. Todd! Maybe put another syllable in there. Todd! Two whole shit-yory pork-heart soundsters. Todd. It sounds like some K-match. It doesn't mean Todd. Todd. Todd. Todd. Todd. Todd. Hard, constant vowel, constant Todd. It's a sound. It's the same sound a turd makes after a roll is out of a giraffe's ass. Put. And I'm a light-skinned black dude named Todd. I don't sound scary at all. You're describing to somebody that doesn't know. A light-skinned black dude named Todd. I used to go to school with a kid named Mike Thomas. This kid was blue-black. You see, you put people like that. It's like Superman Harry. When Superman's Harry gets hit with the light, his hair looks blue. That's how this kid Mike was. I was sitting in math class one time and the sunlight came through the window and hit the back of Mike's neck and I was like, this is not the fucking blue. My buddy, Donnie, he was next to me. He was a fuck of me. He was like, yeah, I met his parents. His dad's a Negro. His mom's a mailbox. His nickname was black Mike. It sounds fucked up, but there's 30 kids named Mike in high school and you didn't want to have to run down their whole pedigree. He just said, which Mike you talking about? Fucking black Mike. The purple kid from algebra. Got it. It sounds fucked up. It's a good way to like narrow it. We had Chinese Mike. The fucked up part about that is he was Filipino. No one even put in the legwork to find out what kind of Asian this guy was. Slanted eyes, he's Mike. This is fucked up, but it's that's high school. We were idiots. Black Mike got respected immediately because his name was he was fucking black and his name was black Mike. That's some scary shit. You said in class in 10th grade. Some of this is a man. I don't know what you did. The black Mike is looking for you. You might get a little nervous. Holy shit. Really? I'm gonna fight some dude named black Mike. I want to fight black Mike. No. I got to go to college in two years. I didn't strike that same fear in your heart. You're sitting in class and some of this is an A man. I don't know what you did, but Bayes Todd is looking for you. Bayes Todd. Isn't that that khaki kid from home economics? Man, tell him I said fuck you and step on the sandals for me. My wife told me I'm pantyhose colored. She said that right in the middle of an argument. It defused the argument immediately. I couldn't argue after that. I started laughing. I was like, should I fuck you pantyhose color motherfucker? I was like, fuck you. That's funny, but I'm fucking too. I can't come back from pantyhose. I used that to my advantage. We started arguing about money. I'm like, what do you want me to do? Start robbing banks. I can't have pantyhose on my face. I look exactly the fucking same. I'm a black dude living in Los Angeles. I'm not allowed to buy a ski mask. I don't know if you know that. Black people can't buy ski masks in a warm weather climate. Why people going to big five throw a fucking ski mask on the counter? They're ringing right up. I throw it on the counter. They want to do a background check. There's a three day waiting period. They're like, buying it going. They're like, really cool to kentay. You're heading up to the mountains this weekend. Hitting the slopes, are you? Yeah, nice try. Put it back. Not on my watch. Not on my watch. So my name was out of the question. She wanted to name my son Chase. My daughter Zoe has two friends named Chase. Both great kids. Athletes, scholars, great kids. My wife was like, what's wrong with Chase? She's your name, our son Chase. And I was like, we can't name our son Chase. And she was like, why not? And I was like, because there's no black chases. All the chases we know are white. And she was like, so. And I was like, so you know how they call my friend black, Mike? What are they going to call our son? Chase the black kid. That sounds like a horrible game played in Charlottesville. My son walked outside. Hey, there he is. Chase the black kid. All the other black kids like, wait, no, no. Relax, I'm a week. Where are you going, Jamal? Talking about him, Chase, comma, the black kid. Punctuation is very important. I made t-shirts that I thought were hilarious, you know, because I'm half black and half white. So my t-shirt said half black lives matter. And I sew these shirts and just dude in Charlottesville, North Carolina bought one shirt on a Friday night and brought it back Saturday. He was like, dude, he had a bald up in a bag. And he's like, take the shit back. I don't even want my fucking money back. I just got to let you know that almost got killed wearing that fucking shirt. And I was like, why? And he was like, because you need to hyphenate half black. Because it just says half black lives matter. Now I'm walking around a white dude with a shirt that says half black lives matter. Like, not all you niggas of matter. It's the only half of you, man. Let's not be ridiculous. We need some shit gun around here. But the rest of you go back to Africa. Chase. My wife was like, this is black kids name Chase. I was like, you never met a black kid named Chase. It's just starting looking up at the ceiling trying to find the answer. And I was like, you've never met a black kid named Chase. Just like you've never met a baby named Larry. I want you all to think about that first thing. It isn't that so weird shit. Like, think about everybody in this room knows Larry, but not a single person in this room is ever met a baby named Larry. Where the fuck are they coming from? If they've never been babies, right? You didn't know Larry growing up. He met Larry in your 20s. That's because that's how old they are when they let him out of the fucking factory or the lab or whatever it is. Fucking Larry of 51, wherever that is. Larry's 25, 26 years old. They open the lab, let him out. He's fucking stumbles into society. He's fucking, he's afraid. He doesn't know anybody. That's why all your friends name Larry is a great fucking guy. He's a sweet heart. He just wants to be accepted. He'll give me the last dollar out of his pocket. He'll help you move without asking for anything in return. Great fucking guy. Sweet heart. Never been a fucking baby, but a great fucking guy. You think I'm bullshit and ask your friend Larry to see a baby picture or he can't produce it. It's creepy. Let me see a baby picture. Larry, come on man. You know they got burned up on the fire of 96. You're a never fucking baby, Larry. I'm on to you. Larry, whatever your real name is, experiment 626 or whoever you are. So yeah, man, like I said, my last name is Rex, which means King and Latin. That's why I go by T-Rex a lot of the time. People ask me like, why you go by T-Rex? Like comedians, I check in the hotel and they're like, you're real? Last name is Rex. I'm like, yeah, motherfucker, that's where T-Rex. I'm Todd Rex. Taylor Rex. Zoe Rex, Zion Rex, Sarah Rex, Marguerite Beck Rex, Greg Rex. It's my whole family. So what did I name my son? You might be asking? Probably the coolest name of the fucking planet. My son's name is Maximus Rex. Maximus Rex, are you not entertained? When he came out of hell to mupples, like leader of the free people, general of the republics army. My wife was still on drugs on the bed like, nothing gets out of Beige Todd. Beige Todd. I don't rule my moment. She was appalled by the name. She was like, are we really naming this dude Maximus Rex? Really, his name is Maximus Rex. He's either going to be a dragon slayer or a hairdresser. And dragons aren't real. Still prepare for the Thalon Maximus. Okay. Thalon Maximus. She kept on saying it with that super wet, effeminate S. I hear it all the time. I go into stores with my kids. And I can't say the name of the store, but let's just say it's like one less than forever 22. Walking with my daughters and looking for some earrings or whatever, like, so Sarah, there's something I can help you search for. Something special for that certain someone perhaps. I'm like, damn dude. Yeah, my daughter's looking for some earrings. Oh, you want to talk to Steven from accessories. Steven from accessories. I'm summoning you, sir. Steven comes prancing in and pops all the new to the bottom. Stop, Steven, you savage. I'm still sore from Sunday's deskipades. And I'm joking, obviously. I don't want anybody to get offended. This guy came out. I was doing a show in Vegas a few months back. And this guy came up to me up on the show. I was in the casino. And he comes up to me and he's like, excuse me, sir. And I was like, what's up, man? And he was like, I just thought your show. And I was like, oh, nice. And he was like, nice. I wasn't giving you kudos. I was like, oh, I've never heard that word used for real before. Like, like in the wild. I've never heard that. Kudos. Where did they do that at? And he was like, actually, I have a bone to pick with you. And I was like, this is getting fucking worse. A bone to pick. And he was like, actually, I was defended at your ridiculous choice of characterizations of whatever it's called the impersonation when you were doing a super wet ass. It was ridiculous. And I'm like, like the one you're fucking doing right now. He was like, well, guess at all. And before you ask, I am on the other team. And I was like, wasn't going to ask. And he was like, what I'm saying is you being a comedian so many years, I thought you'd be a little more creative and maybe come up with a different voice than the most stereotypical one out there. Maybe try a different one. And I was like, he's like, not all gay men sound like this. And I was like, all right, man, I wasn't trying to make it sound like all gay men sound like that. All right. I apologize if I offended you. And he was like, thank you. And I was like, although not all gay men sound like that, I will say that all men that sound like that are gay. And he accepted that. We came to a happy meeting. He was like, Touche, Touche. And it fucked me up. Then he complimented me on my show. And then he left. But the fucked up thing was his face left about a second and a half after his body. He was like, you're fantastic otherwise. And I was like, holy shit. His body knew where it was going before his face. But that's confidence. Your body just starts to leave you. Like his body is like, I'm out of here. His face is like, I'm going to take a couple more seconds. Risk out. There's a risk there. We're going to. We're all going the way. Come on, head. Keep up. It was okay. I have a friend who's son and his gay. And we've known he was gay since he was five years old and he's 17 now. And all of our friends that he's hanging out used to say like, dude, is this kid? Maybe it is. Really. It's not a choice. Maybe you really are born that. And I hadn't seen this kid for 12 years and see his father and we're talking. And I'm like, so how's he doing? He's like, oh man, it's cool. I mean, he's 17 now. Last time he saw him, he was five. Just found out he's gay. And I was like, I'm not fucking, you just found out. We were having football parties in your house and he was coming out with his football jersey tied up in the front. That wasn't like. Like nothing. But you can't say that you knew. You have to act like you never knew. You have to act like you never knew. No, I was over the top of that. I overcomposed. I was like, nah, not a little dance to Lady Killer. Not a little dance to vagina record for real. Nah. I was over the top of my boy. I was like, God damn, you knew this whole time. I was like, what kind of dude? He's like, I don't know what to do, man. And I know you got a young son, man, and man to man as dudes out here raising little soldiers. Now he's trying to get milled to know me. Raising soldiers out here in the streets. If he found out your son something big, how would you make him stop? I can tell you that when I was about 12 years old, my dad caught me smoking a cigarette and he made me smoke 20 back to back. He was like, what? I was supposed to make my son change some 20 days, man. You want my son change some 20 days? I was like, calm down, man. I never got past the third cigarette. Can you handle three? Rast him out. Don't give him all 20 at once. You might lose his mind. Then you're going to find yourself coaching the dick sucking. No, it's not the one time. Stop coaching. I get asked some of the weirdest shit about my complexion. Like, we were down, I went down to Charlotte and we were performing down there. And we went to Charlotte Motor Speedway. The club was like, you guys want to go check out the NASCAR experience? And it was the Coca-Cola 600 or whatever was going on. So we went down there and checked it out. But I was ordering food and there was food truck. And this dude asked me if the weirdest, I never been asked this question before. It was offensive. I'm ordering my food. This dude comes up behind me and he was like, hey, dude. And I was like, kind of looked over my shoulder. I'm like, what's up, man? He's like, hey, dude, I don't want to sound ignorant or nothing. You know what that means. I was like, what's up, man? He's like, hey, dude, what are you? And I was like, what am I? And he was like, yeah, I mean, you know, what are you? And I was like, I'm a fucking carbon-based life form. I'm an oxygen breather, man. But he was like, I don't know for the fancy word, dude. I'm just saying, I mean, you're kind of dark-skinned, but you talk regular. I was incredulous. I didn't know what to say. I was like, well, you're white and you don't. He took a page out of the other guys where he was like, Tusha, Tusha. Rednecks often do that. They use foreign language to make it appear that they're smarter than they really are. You ever watch cops that do this? Beats those white cops? Let me come in and talk to you. Hey, dude, I'm trade. Me, Casasue, Casasue. These are the foreign language. Hi, baby. Look at my new hat. I just bought it. Well, I'll be a lot, be a dog. That's French for a big whoop. Rednecks, to me, are the scariest motherfuckers on the planet. I don't fuck with rednecks. She clapping, you know what I'm talking about. People talk about terrors, and all the... yeah, terrors are scary, but rednecks are the scariest motherfuckers on the planet. To me, they are. Remember after 9-11? This one I realized that rednecks were the key to fucking winning wars. We could take 20 rednecks with Charlotte, North Carolina, and put them in the middle of the Middle East. The war would be over. Gas would be 39 cents a gallon. After 9-11, everybody was upset, but rednecks were acting like planes were hitting trailer parks. They were coming on the news, grabbing microphones from reporters. You don't come up my fucking back, y'all. You understand me? Use my airfingers to pull off your terrors, bullshit. I fucking hide it up there. Fucking hide it up there. Rednecks always repeat shit twice in case you didn't hear it the first time. I fucking pissed off, dude. I fucking pissed off. I'm fucking seeing red, man. I'm fucking seeing red. They don't want it with me. They don't fucking want it with me. I'm nasty, dude. I'm nasty. Connie Chung was interviewed with us, dude. He just snatched the microphone from Connie Chung, started cussing. I'm ready to go over there and drop some fucking nuclear fire on that month, fucking go over there and turn that shit to a parking lot. You understand me? Connie Chung was like, excuse me, sir, you're on national television. You can't talk like that. Get the fuck off me, kind of, Chang. You ain't supposed to be here neither. Right? I don't know if you're sleeping or what, but open your eyes and I'm talking to you. I was like, can't take you. Then some sensed, some horribly geographically wrong shit. He's like, what you need to do is take your Chinese ass back to Japan with all the other Vietnamese people. Connie Chung was like, what? I'm not Chinese, Japanese or Vietnamese. Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Chuck E. Cheese. You're all the same. It's put in different places. That's why you can't go anywhere in Korea without seeing a tournament. Right next to Scary, man. They got that battle cry. That should have scary, man. We need to utilize that battle cry over the Middle East because they got their battle cry over there. That should have gone. You go and watch any of those videos. That's some scary shit. Send a poor kid from the inner city over the Middle East. Garcia, go in that building at the end of the block and tell him what you see. I kept it on my way. Halfway down there. Garcia's like, holy shit, Sergeant. I can't go in that building. You hear that fucking lulu, lulu, lulu? No, nothing good ever happens after one of those. All right, where's that country motherfucker from Charlotte? Get your ass down there. I dude, on my way. Fucking hauling ass down there in his fatis with his fatis tucked into his cowboy boots. Halfway down there. Any man, my line, line, line. That motherfucker's not even slowing down. Are you shit me? Is it Turkey? He's no over here, too. You can run, but you can't eye-goo! That fucking Yehu is fucking scientifically designed to scare the shit out of anybody with any melanin in their skin. Instead of fucking frightened, nothing good follows that Yehu. It's always a fucking car in the air. Fucking minority in the air. Shit just got real. Yeah! That's motherfucker's a give up in a second. Yeah! Holy shit, motherfucker! Seriously, are you serious right now, motherfucker? Yehu? Holy shit, no, I didn't have nothing about Yehu in the training video. I did everything. I did the monkey bars. I did everything. Fucking Yehu, no, fuck the bullshit. I quit. What are you doing? What does it look like I'm doing, motherfucker? I'm literally infiguratively throwing in the towel. I fucking hate. Yehu, Yehu! Black people, we invented talking shit, but Redneck's perfected it. You can't talk a Redneck out of a fight. Being a black dude or, you know, someone black, I got a little bit of advantages, talk tough. I can scare a regular white guy. I got a house job, family, teeth. He's not trying to lose none of that shit. Hey, motherfucker, you stepped on my shoe. Holy, Shamoles! You are rather large. I apologize. I didn't see your foot. I have a $20 bill to keep this verbal and not make it physical. Take the $20 bill and believe me, people call it a dub. Take the dub. Redneck, you get out way, a redneck by 100 pounds. He'll talk so much shit back. You're wonder why you said anything to this crazy little motherfucker. Hey, motherfucker, you stepped on my shoe. Well, you got a damn face and a face of fucking big now. Oh, no, you can't have a regular size shoe like a human fucking bean. What's that? 13 fucking 14. I'm a major. You can stand up right, motherfucker. Are you the missing link between man and ape? Hey, everybody in the comic, little bodice, go over to missing links. Someone called the Smith Sony and I want my reward. You look like number three on the evolution chart. You probably got to wear a platform for shoes so your lucks don't drag when you walk. God name it. I'm ball your fist, boy. You ain't gonna have no luck fighting me. I'm a bad son bitch. You ever see me fighting the bear? You better jump in, help that bear. I'm nasty. I'm nasty, dude. You don't want it with me. You're ever on the phone with God and I call you better click over and see what the fuck I want. I'll fill this whole room with uppercut. I hit you with so many rides. You'll beg me for a left. You understand me? You ain't gonna have no luck fighting me. Top of luck, you got you can fall into a barrel of titties and come up, sucking your thumb, God damn it. I'm nasty. You can be running naked across the field of pussy and trick on a dick. Look here man. Hell next time you see me come on that. You're a black dude, you're musical. Turn it to a dance move. Chouch, I'll slide. Turn to the side. God damn. I'm glad you guys enjoyed that. I'm glad. Trying to make this Hollywood gay man trying to lose a little bit of weight. It's not going so well. Fuck it. This is how I knew I had to lose some weight. My son now who's now seven when he was like two. I was rocking the sleep and I fell asleep and when I woke up he was sucking my titty. I was on the phone with the gym immediately. How much is the one year membership? What's up? He, he, he. Hold on, I can't hear you. Okay, go ahead. What? My fitness goals. To get my son to stop sucking my jugs. We got a bootcamp for that, bare heads. There's so many facets to this Hollywood shit man. Just when you think you have it dialed in there's something else that comes around and it just fucking throws your whole shit off. It's difficult. It's longer. I've been doing this shit for 26 years. Finally getting a shot. But it's like my wife and I were laying in bed. We were watching one of those shows like one of those behind the music or each of Hollywood stories. We watched like four of them back-to-back and my wife hit Paul's after the fourth one. She was like holy shit. I figured out the key to success. And I'm like what is it? And she was like tragedy. And I'm like what? And she was like every one of those episodes you just watched had an element of tragedy that befell the celebrity in question. And that's where celebrity happens. You can either throw in the towel in the face of adversity or you can use that tragedy as fuel to propel you to the next level. And I was thinking about I was like holy shit you're right. And she was like you're right. And she was like yeah and you've never had any tragedy in your life. And I started thinking about I was like holy fuck you're right. I haven't had any tragedy. And so I started looking around at all the people that surround me and wondering who I'm willing to let go of to make this shit happen. And two years ago it happened. Be careful what you asked for because it happened. Two years ago I went to Washington DC to celebrate Thanksgiving with my family from originally. This is a little, it gets hard for me to talk about it. I went back there and the night before Thanksgiving I went out drinking with my best friends that I grew up with and uh fuck um I saw my grandma's titties that night. I don't know. Really guys really. Just gonna laugh in my face when I'm trying to open up to you. I don't know if you've ever seen your grandma's titties but there's some tragedy shit. Like I'm ready to make it in Hollywood now. Like I don't even have, have you ever seen your grandma's titties? They're fucking horrendous. My grandma's titties look like two horse nose. Is there a long, veiny and once longer than the other so it looks like a photo finish. Big brown by a nose. They're awful. This is how it happened. Old people get up earliest shit for nothing. There's no reason for old people to get up as early as they do. I'm sneaking into my grandparents house at 2.30 in the morning. Stumbling drunk. I'm trying to get in the house as quiet as possible to invade the Texan. I opened the front door and my grandmother standing there. We're face to face. Scared to shit up and just, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, my grandmother's very hunchback. It's got to be hollow because it was very deep in the resident. I was coming from back there. I'm like, Grandma, why are you out of bed at 2.30 in the morning? I had no idea in the front, but I thought there was the newspaper. At 2.30 in the morning, the shit ain't even printed yet. Go back to sleep, but you won't because when you're 93, sleep is the cousin of death. So once she's up, she's up all her friends that died in their sleep. So she ain't risking it. Here's a coffee I need. Just shuffling around the house, mainlining folder, straight to the vein. I got so much caffeine in my system. I can't even bleed. I can't die if I can't close my eyes. Come on, we're in reprived. I got so full of baby. She's up and all I want to do is just lay down. I'm like a four-year-old. I'm just like, I'm one of those who's going to lay down. Stop standing in the doorway, let me pass. She just wants to ask me a bunch of questions. Who are you hanging out with tonight? Who was there? We're doing a lot of fine young ladies in the house. What were you drinking tonight? Who was on the wheels of steel? You're gonna wait till 2.30 in the morning when I'm shit-faced to start trying to relate to me? So I just had to turn the tables and start asking her a bunch of fucked up questions to make her leave me alone. Grandma, how did you let your back get higher than your head? I just wanted to lay down. She's trying to... Why am I able to see her back in your driver's license, bitch? Why does it perpetually look like so much standing behind you? I'm probably the most fucked up question I ask. Well, what am I supposed to do with a funeral when you won't lay down in the casket? I'll be telling the funeral directors. We don't need the pillow. We're saving that $25. They take that pillow out of the luggage. She hasn't touched the pillow in 17 years. I'm thinking, we're gonna have to come her way into the back and put her arm up on the side. We can't close the casket right now. It's making it look like she's convertible. Like she's in the tub. All I want to do is just lay down. I'm the type of drunk that. I just want to kick my shoes off and fall. Face first of the pillow and just knock out. And that's where I am. I kick my shoes off. I fall into the pillow and I'm about to pass out. And everybody's been there where you've been hearing that little ethereal state of being half awake and half asleep. And you hear something that's startles you awake, but you can't tell if you really heard it or dreamt that you heard it. Isn't that the scariest shit in the world? Especially when you're home alone in the house and locked up tight. You're passing out. Almost asleep and then you hear something. Oh, shit. Is there someone in my house? Now if you're in your living room and you fall asleep on the couch and you hear a noise in the living room and it wakes you up and you're like, what the fuck was that? You might sneak into the other room and grab a baseball bat or a knife or something and be like, what the fuck? Someone in my house. But something about being asleep and bed makes you lazy as shit for you. And this is for your own safety. You won't even get out of bed. You just start greeting the potential murderer. You hear a noise like, hello? Hello? Is that ever stopping murder from happening? Like the murder has come into the house of the knife and here's a, hello? Yeah? I was going to stab the shit out of you, but I'm a sucker for a warm salutation. That greeting was warm as hell. I'm going to, so anyway, that's where I am. I'm passing out. I hear the shit I've never heard before. If you've ever spent the night with old people, you know they got to get rid of this flam. They got to hack up these chess clams. They got to get rid of them. This throat oyster has got to get out. Fuck. After night of Yeager, Bob is not the best time to hear this for the first time. I'm passing out and half asleep and all of a sudden you're... BOOM! BOOM! I'm so disoriented. It's pitch black in the room. I'm still doing this. What the fuck is that? Native America? I was like, oh, shit. Okay, I must be tripping a while. So I put my head back on the pillow. As soon as my head at the pillow started right back up. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! I'm all the way awake now. I'm under the covers like a beyond. Look at that! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! After like four or five minutes and nothing happening, my fear started turning to anger and I'm getting mad. Who the fuck is watching Jurassic Park at 247 in the morning? Turn it down! BOOM! I kicked the covers off. Stumble out into the living room to turn the TV down. If not off, and when I get out to the living room, the TV is already off. That scared the shit out of me. That told me whatever's making those noises in the fucking house. And like I said, I'm half black and half white at that point. My two halves completely separated. The black half of me wanted to get the fuck out of the house immediately. The white half had the insatiable urge to investigate. And the white half won. I'm inching my way down the hallway towards the only light on in the house that's coming out of the bathroom. Whatever it is, it's in that fucking bathroom. BOOM! BOOM! I don't even know the prayer. I'm just making up shit. Woo! I'm fucking really... I peek around into the bathroom. I see the most horrifying gruesome macabre shit I've ever seen in my life. I see my grandmother standing in front of the sink, wearing those horrible orthopedics support compression stockings from the hospital. She's wearing those. And that's it! Shoken up longers. Tiddy's banging it. And the worst part is, I'm seeing this happen from the back. The longest, gnarliest titties banging off the saddest ass cheeks I've ever seen in my life. Every time I'm swinging back around the front, they're grazing this sink. It sounds like a full-court basketball game. For three! Come on, get back in. From downtown. It's gonna be easy hitting up. Fucking... I couldn't take it anymore. I'm like, GRAMMA! I guess I scared her startled her. She did a 180 and almost took me out with a titties. AAH! Who's there? I was drunk, but I moved quick. It's like I said, one titties is slower than the other ones. I had to matrix the first titties. I had enough time to get my timing down to double-dots the second one. This is dragging across the whole style. AAH! Now she's a stand there looking at it. I'm like, GRAMMA, close the door. I'm sorry, baby. It's the light bothering you. Initially, no. Now that I'm looking at those illuminated fun bags, yeah, killing the lights. They're awful. Like, great fruits and tube socks. You look like a pro hackie-sack player every time you go up the steps. I did those jokes on TV. Don't clap. I'm gonna get in trouble. All right, got in trouble for doing those on television one time. She saw me do those jokes. I told her to watch. There was a huge mistake. She called me the next day and I just sent it to voicemail because I knew it was about. I didn't want to hear it. I was in a good mood from the show. I was like, I'm not listening to this shit. Send it to voicemail and then later on that night, I listened to the voicemail. It was in raging. It was like a minute of her yelling at me. And the worst part about her yelling at me about doing the jokes about her titties was that she leaves her name at the end of the voicemail. Like, I have no idea who the fuck it is. I guess the big reveal. She was like, I saw your bullshit last night on TV. You talking about my titties for 20 goddamn minutes on that sort of television. What the hell is wrong with you? I know you think everything is a joke, but this ain't no joke. These are my real titties and my real life. I told all my girls from church, my church, my Bible study class to watch my grandson on TV. Now I can't go back to my Bible study classes. All my girlfriends, every talk about Hick, I'm being long-titty Margaret. You talk about my titties for 20 goddamn minutes on that sort of television. You need to knock that off, leave my titties and my blouse and not a near routine and you better call me back and let me know you've got this message. This is grandma, by the way. Followed by her signature hang up, which is another minute and a half her trying to hang up the phone. Call me back, this grandma, by the way. Talk to yourself. What the hell going on? Everybody, guys, you guys have been fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you so much, dad. Come on, let's go, guys. Good job. Let's go. Good job, buddy. By the way, daddy, you killed the last night. What? You killed the last night. You did kill the last night, baby. Oh, my god, my god, my god. Don't talk about my titties or TV though, though. I'm talking to you. I used to be able to do the helicopter, but they lived too long with that down there. Too pendulous, baby. That's how I fight them all. You know you like when you're feeding, baby. No one can resist the 46 long. I used to shake my titties at the long titty clubs in Chicago. They look like great boots of tube socks. Woo-hoo, woo-hoo. Looking at the bounce bounce bounce bounce. Now you want to hide down the baby. I let them bend the duckling stock on one of them. George Washington Carver slammed the deal for a peanut butter. Each inch is like a year, like a tree rain. This is my grand, come here, grand baby. Come here. Give your grand-maw kid, come here, baby. Big deep and yellow pockets. What's the best guy to do to make a rain over here? Oh, that's wrong there. This is sitting in the back of the bus.
Alright, let's talk about the Bible. Yeah, the original Bible, the Torah, not your shitty remake. Yeah, I'm not talking about your all-girls-ghostbusters version of the Bible. Talk about the OG shit. Yeah, I was raised Orthodox Jewish. I don't know if you're not aware of that. It's Frisbee Jew, you know, that kind. Second highest level of Jew. Once upon a time I was sitting Jew, or as I called them mortal combat Jews. Yeah, whenever you see you, I just go finish them. No, no, no, no, no, no, I know what you're talking about. It's great. The ones with the, you know, the sideburns, the long, the curly fries as my black friend calls them. Yeah, my friend Miss Patch, who came to visit me in New York. She never seen one. There's very few acidic Jews in the black ghetto of Atlanta. She saw our first weird talk and she just goes like, She was like, ori. She didn't say my name, but she's like, ori. Is that an Amish? No, I mean, yeah, more or less, yeah. It's pretty much the same shit. She goes, what I mean, that's curly fries. And like those are not curly fries. She goes, what they do? And I'm like, first of all, the grammar on your people is on another planet. And by you people, I don't mean black people. I mean non-Jews. Yeah, Jews are racist, but we don't see skin color. We see IQ and income level. That's all I've got to say. Yeah, goi. That's all you guys are. Have you heard that word? Goi. It's Yiddish for non-Jew. Yiddish is like Jewish abonics. Goi means non-Jew. And just so you know when you hear it, you think it's fun and friendly when they're saying it to you. It's not. They're shitting on you too. Goi is a derogatory word. Probably my favorite derogatory word. Yeah, because most derogatory words, they sing a lot, one-racer culture, make them feel bad. Not goi. Goi is the most inclusive of all the derogatory words. So you know how popus that is to have as your term for the other? That means to them it's one tenth of one percent of the world. And then eugh. Various shades of goi. Yeah, dude, I was raised way religious. So I went to a seminary called the Ashiva in Jerusalem for two years after high school. So you go to study if you want to become a rabbi. Uh, spoiler. It did not take. Anybody here raised religious? Somebody kind? Yeah, what were you guys doing, shall we say? What? Jehovah's Witness, hell yeah, dude, the fucking Harry Potter of Christianity. Who else? What do you got? Baptist? What? Wesleyan. That's a new one, dude. I honestly never heard of that one. Is that some kind of Christ? Okay. You fucking Christians are hilarious with your separations. Every other religion is just one thing. Just Muslim, Jewish, Buddhist, and there's fucking 31 flavors of Jesus. Lutheran and Baptist and Southern Baptist, which is just like Baptist, but with slavery, I think. So funny. And Catholics think they're the best wines, too. Yeah, they do. They look down on the other ones from an outside perspective. Catholics think they're way better than the rest of Christians. And I'm like, based on what? Besides most child race preer, like what else is contrafire? It's weird. They ask a devout Catholic. I get older. Devout Catholic. I ask if they're Protestant. They'll get mad at you. They'll be like, well, nothing like Protestant. Like, nothing. What's the difference? And they'll hit you with some crazy. Like, we believe Jesus carried the cross way up top. Yeah. And they think he kind of dragged a little bit. It's basically a different religion. You crazy Christians and stupid separations. You guys still religious now? No. Okay. That's good. If you are religious, that's totally fine. It is totally fine. If you say solid chance, you're going to hate the next 68 minutes of your life. So those of you raised religious of any kind. Do you ever think of what they taught you when you were little? Now that you're grown up? Guys, it's all darker than you remember it. It really is. I mean, let's start the beginning. It's the only way to do this. Adam and Eve, you guys all that story? Okay. If you know all that story, this is all going to go over your head tonight. Here's what happened. In six days, God created the world. On the seventh day, He rested. You guys remember this one. And then later, God went to Adam. He's like, Adam, how do you like it here? How do you like the Garden of Eden? And Adam's like, oh, dude, I love it. It's awesome. Plenty of sunshine, tons of animals to fuck. This place is sweet. I was like, wait, bro, are you fucking all the animals? And Adam was like, not all yet. He made a lot of animals. He got to give me some time. By the way, I killed a frog on Tuesday. Yeah, his eyes were picking on his belly. Split it right open. My bad on that one. And God was like, fuck, dude, stop fucking the animals right now. And so Adam was like, who should I fuck that? And God's like, you're a good question. Fair enough. And he's like, tell you why I'm making another person for you to fuck. Humans should fuck humans. So Adam, with no concept of women, right? They're never the woman ever in history before. So when he heard another person was coming, he was just like, sweet. Another dude, I can fuck in the butt. I assume. And God was like, no, you assume wrong. It'll be like a dude, but it'll have like a, like a front butt. And you're gonna fuck the front butt. Adam loved that idea. He was like, sweet. I could fuck the front butt and the back butt. God's like, no, no fucking back butt. I will never change my mind on that. Adam's like, why not? He's like, that's where shit comes out. I don't like your fucking where shit comes out. I think it's disgusting. You can't fuck where a piss and blood sometimes comes out, but not shit. Oh, I mean, Adam's so angry. He's like, why would you make shit coming out of such a good fuckhole? God's like, where else could it come out? It's like, dude, bottom of the foot. I've been thinking about it. Wouldn't be a way in a place. He's shaking out really easily, wiping his abriests. Every puddles of a day. It should be bottom of the foot, dude. And God was like, fuck, yeah, that would have worked. Maybe a week was rushing it. What was the time crunch on that? I never understood that. It's an important project. Take your time. There's nobody waiting for it. This literally nobody waiting for it. So he made Eve. And to make Eve, you guys remember how I made Eve? The rip. Yeah, he got some memories of this. Yeah, he told Adam I got to crack off one of your ribs. I'm sure Adam was like, why is that? The new process for making a thing. Is from scratch no longer available? Did you lose powers, dude? If you're tired, you can take a nap. That zebra's been eyeballing me pretty hard. I got time. You can get it. You can get it. You can get it. You can get it black and white. But he goes, no, I got to crack off a rib. So he cracks out on Adam's ribs. I fuck. Whatever. I bring it out. He makes Eve out of that rib. And that's the reason my rabbi's always told me that's the reason that men have one less rib than women have. Like, they're all way back to Adam and Eve. Yeah. Then I grew up and found out that we have the same matter ribs. There's a lie. They're told little Jewish kids. I don't even know what they had to gain. You know how embarrassing it is to find out you were wrong about that at 41 years old. People were like, why would you think it's been a different amount of ribs? I don't know when I was nine. So I've got a beautiful dance of told me. So after Adam and Eve and Moses and Noah, a few other Bible stories that Jews and Christians kind of share, you know, at that point, kind of split off. Well, no. We stayed right where we were. He split off. You guys wrote an unauthorized sequel. In fan fiction. But just you added a superhero. I don't know where. You have all these miracles. You got to speed on miracles. I'll give you that. You got to speed on miracles. We crushed you motherfuckers on holidays. We got a lot of holidays. What's the biggest Jewish holiday? What do you think? Son of a gun. Very good. Goi. Idiot stupid. Wrong. Don't goi. Don't like all of them. People think it's Monica because it falls around Christmas and we do presents and stuff. Just so you guys know, it's one of our lowest level holidays. Monica is not even our top 40. For real, it's on the level of like, arbor day for your people. It just feels big because it falls around that time. Presents, by the way, is not even really part of Hanukkah. That's us copying you. Presents on Hanukkah is a modern, western civilization part of the holiday. My dad grew up in Romania before the Holocaust. They didn't do presents back then. That's here in America and England. It's all these Jewish kids. It's all their Christian friends getting presents. And they wanted in. Yeah. And when Jewish kids want free shit, Jewish kids get free shit. So they went to their dad's like, Dad, how come Christopher gets presents and I don't get presents? And their father's like, This is it. More or less that. So now we do presents. Eight days of presents. It's an eight day holiday. Oh, some people think it's eight times the presents you guys got. It's not. We have the same amount of parents you have. We just space them out over eight days. We get better presents than you. You know, because we're far richer than you are. I don't know, kind of white trash presents you've always got. We got like a grilled cheese sandwich wrapped in a shopping bag. You know, what did you guys get? Like sock full of pills? Host car from your dad, bringing it to your mom's handwriting. But yeah. Same amount of presents though. It's supposed to get one present a day for eight days. And then if you have like nine or ten presents, you just double up a day or two. So one year, I didn't have eight presents. I only had seven presents. My mom didn't know what to do to get me every day of presents. Instead of just getting one extra present, you know, like wrapping avocado, you dumb bitch. Instead, her fix was to split a present into two and wrap each half separately. Like I wouldn't know. Like I open up day one's present. I was like, oh, it's skateboard wheels only. I wonder what's in Tomorrow's flat oval box. She said, you'll never guess. I'm like, it's for sure a skateboard, mom. I'm the second smartest race in the world. And this is very easy to figure out as it is. Korea. Here's a story of Hanukkah. I'll tell it to you. So you can talk about this in December with your bosses probably at work. A long time ago, the Jews got kicked out of Israel, okay? One of the many times that happened over history. We are historically, we are the weakest race in the world. Anybody wanted Israel just fucking took it. For real, Greeks, Romans, people from Alabama. Like it doesn't matter, dude. Anybody's like, get out of here. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. All right. Stop, stop, stop, stop. Don't give me 30. So fucking defeated. I hate it. Ugh. Here's what I don't really do with impressions. Here's my only impression I do. It's a sound of the soul of a Jew. Ready? Yeah. All our stories are about survival. Whenever about succeeding. No, we said, like, watch out, the Jews are coming. Yeah. Oh, Palestinians, we got them. All right. We broke our losing streak on that, for sure. Dude, I saw this free Palestine march last summer in New York. And they were all like marching at a big free Palestine sign. But the Palestine part was covered. People were like in front of it. So I couldn't see that part. So I just saw the first half. I'm like, run across the street. What did I give? Oh, no. Like, this is the worst place for me to be. Oh. I'm so sorry. They're all staring at me. I didn't know what to do. I just started scrambling. I was like, oh, I'm just headed to a little Palestine to get some Palestinian food. They're all like, there is no little Palestine. And if you ask Jews, there's also no big Palestine. There's no big Palestine. Yeah. So it's the Greeks. The Greeks drove us out to the Hanukkah story. We were gone for about 100 years and we came back. They laughed. They were like, this place sucks. They took off. So they laughed. And then they really, they fucked up our temple. Our main church, pretty much. They like messed. I don't know what they did. They knocked over chairs and they, yeah. They spray painted dicks on the walls. But the main thing they did was they used our oil canals. It was to keep lit all the time. That's oil candle. And they only had one day's of the oil left. And new oil was eight days away. And they're like, what are we going to do? How are we going to keep lit? And the Jews are like, I don't know. Fuck it. Light it up. Let's see what happens. And somehow one day's of the oil lasted for eight days. And that is when Jews learned how to be cheap. A miracle of honor, everybody. Yeah, that camel's the miracle of honor. Dumbest miracle in the history of organized religion. New Christians, man. Your miracles are the dead. You guys got great miracles. God, when I start, when I, so I left my religion, I switched to a secular college, University of Maryland. And I met all these Christians. And they told me about, about Jesus. And I was fucking blown away. They were like, he walked on water. And I was like, that's impossible. I've seen water before. So sell it to somebody else. And I'm like, yeah, it's a miracle. Like, oh. I'm like, he didn't get wet. Like, I mean, maybe since flashback on the sandal. But I don't think Jesus was waterproof. You know, if he dragged his foot, yeah, probably a little bit of water. But for the most part, pretty dry. I was like, damn. Was that his best trick? Like, oh, no. He's not his best trick. His best trick, my fart. He died and he was like, nah. And everybody's favorite trick was turned water into wine. That dude, man, and the people, for sure. I heard about that. I was like, what kind of wine was it? And they're like, are you literally the first person to ever ask that question? What a nitpicky, chewy thing to worry about. You get free wine in a water and you're still complaining. And you're like, well, I don't want to dry wine. I don't know. See if Jesus could do a malt back. Just ask him. But then they're like, what about you, Ari? What's the juice big miracle for the holidays? I'm like, oh, okay. Well, we had this candle. And it lasted hell along. Yeah, our miracles were more like you had to be there miracles. Yeah. People came into the synagogue and two days later, it's like, is that fucking Kimmel's look on? One more day, that's a fucking miracle. I swear to God, that's a miracle. One more day. That's a one day candle. Jesus just like royes. And you're like, what the fuck? I believe Jesus came back now. He would turn sand into Molly. Yeah. That it would be the best, Molly. You know, if somebody's like, hey, I'm doing me, like, well, you got to test it, man. There's fentanyl going around. You can't just do whatever. Where did you get this from? Like, from Jesus Christ, the Lord and Savior. Yeah. How good would communion be if you were hitting you with a fucking Molly tab? Like, look, come on. God. By the end of the sermon, you'd be like, this guy cares about us. Yeah, Hanukkah is not our biggest holiday. And it's not Black Friday. I heard that, too. Yeah. Pass over. You're not, this is a big holiday, but it's not our biggest one. Pass over commemorates when the Jews left Egypt, where slaves in Egypt, I don't know if you guys knew about that. We recovered. What a fun story that is. Here's the basis of the story. Some woman, you know, she was a slave and she had a slave son named Moses. She raised like a slave. So she just took off, fuck it. Half-court shot. She was like, I don't know, I'm gonna think outside the box here. How about we just chuck it in a river? We'll put it in a little basket. And we'll throw it into the crocodile infested Nile River. And hope for the best. And man, she switched it. Baby did not agree by crocodiles or tip over. It went right to the Pharaoh's daughter. The Pharaoh's daughter, the king's daughter. I was like, I love you. I'll check our around, baby. So she raised it like it was her own. She raised this Moses. I don't know how he knew his original name, but she's the same name. Who said it? It's Lucky Coencinus on that. Betchy was 1920 years old and went to his grandfather, the Pharaoh. The king, he was like, hey, motherfucker, I got news for you. Much of grandson. And the Pharaoh was like, yeah, my daughter was never pregnant. We know. She didn't ever do that. Plus, you're balding with glasses, so... I think you came from slave island over there. That's my favorite part of the story. The Jews were slaves in Egypt. Egypt was a superpower. And their labor force, their manual labor force, was the weakest, most complaining people in the world. I mean, there's nobody softer than Jews. I think the pyramid's supposed to be houses and the Jews are like, it's too hot. Just pile it up. What a terrible, terrible choice for slave. By the way, Egypt is in Africa. There's better options out there. I'm just saying, who do you want picking up stones for you? To Kenbei Mutambo or Gilbert Gottfried? It's so wrong, Egypt. That's why countries fall in a part right now. Let me tell you everything you need to know about you. I don't know where to start. I never know where to start. Let's start with women. Women in Orthodox Judaism are second class citizens. Yeah, you're not a full part of religion. But, by the way, I can feel you turning on me. I didn't make any of this up. It's better than a lot of religions. Like, you can't beat your wife in Judaism. But if you do beat your wife, they'll be like, don't do that. You're just not really a full part of the religion. Like, if this is a synagogue, it'd be all the men down here, and the women will be up there behind a fence. Like, and about looking at us, participating. What are you guys doing back there? Like, shut up. We'll talk to you later. So, those laws associated with being a woman, especially a married woman. If you're a married woman in Judaism and you're on your period, you're considered unclean. Yeah, which, that's actually... I'm not a problem with that spiritually, but physically, that's actually a very nice way of describing what's actually happening. Unclean as far. I mean, like, legitimately, if I put two giant buckets on the stage, and one giant bucket said, clean vaginas. And the other giant bucket said, unclean vaginas. And then I handed each of you a bleeding vagina. And I said, put that anywhere. Which bucket do we all know would be overflowing with vaginas? So, you're unclean until you stop having a period, then you have seven days of no blood, and then you got to a ritual bath called a mikva, and then you consider cleaning again. And it's seven days of no blood in a row. That means if you get spotting two days out, fucking... Yeah, clock starts over, bitches. Yeah, it's like microwave popcorn. It's got to be the full three seconds, so it just not counted. And I was like, pop, one, two, pop, what pop, what? Pop, what pop, what? Pop, what pop, what? Two, pop, what pop, what pop, what pop, what pop, what pop, what pop, what? Pop, what pop, what? Pop, what? Pop, what? Pop, what? Two, three, yes. All burnt. That's a vagina, it's a Judaism, just so you know. It's a microwave popcorn in body parts. And while you're unclean, you can't touch your husband, and your husband can't touch you. Oh yeah, you can't even sleep next to each other. You gotta go sleep in the corner, like the bleeding whore that you are. It's every month with you. So this law, it's called Nida, this is the reason, this is the sociologically, this is the reason that Orthodox Jews have large families. It's not only so you can fill up our minifants. There's another reason for it. It boils down to this. How long it appears last? What it appears to go for these days? Five days, okay. She's heavily disagreeing with you in the back. So what do you think it is? Seven, set the mansplainer? All right, let's flip it over. It's five to seven. That's why I thought that was gonna be a woman saying the answer to that. I know. Five to seven days, I believe she said. Plus seven days of no blood. That's 12 to 14 days, okay. Plus another day or two to go to the ritual bath. It's not like 24 hour fitness. You know, the only answer in the spots. So now we're talking about, right about 13 to 15 days after such a period is the first time you're allowed to touch your husband. It's also when you are the most fertile in your cycle. Your ovaries are right at the bottom of your pussy. And you haven't touched your husband in two weeks, and he hasn't touched your supposed super horny and right then, God's like, ha ha ha, go! I mean, there's no chance, dude. There's no chance. Imagine the husband's home washing dishes, comes, come out of his ears, fuck, hate this religion so much. She's gonna boot his sputus fuck all the time. All the kids are like, daddy, just fuck off, daddy's not gonna move like that. God, fuck, hate this shit. You can't beat your kids in Judaism, just so you know. That is a lot. You can't beat your wife, but you can beat your children. And right then, the woman walks to the door, you know, the guys all cranky, just fucking pent up, and he's just like, where have you been? She's like, ritual bath, and he's like, oh yeah? Why don't you go get that sheet with the hole in it? There's a rumor just so you're out. There's a rumor that Jews have sex through a hole in a sheet. And it's not true. But it's not not true. So it comes from, it comes from, some racist made it up a long time ago. It comes, I'll tell you where it comes from. Jews have this like sort of prayer poncho thing called seat seat. It goes on, it's like a t-shirt, but it's like made like a poncho. It's like, I have no size, and it's got these white tassels. Something you'll see that, white tassels coming out of it at the bottom, the cold seat seat. And the white tassels are for like, in times of trouble, we would tie razors to the end of that. No, I'm not afraid of fucking bubble of safety. But anyway, I guess some lady was like washing the families to seat, and she was hanging them up the dry, and some racists walk by. I do say what you want about racists, they're not the best people in the world, but they are very creative. Some of them walk by and they saw one hanging up, and they're like, I bet they fuck through that. And it just doesn't, what an even a bad thing, the hole is like that big. So I'm like, yeah, spread that. But then it changed, it morphed, the rumor morphed, into like a regular bed spread with a little hole cutting the middle of it. And here's how strong the rumor was, I thought it was true. Up until legitimately two years ago. I guess they thought like a woman was supposed to lie down naked, and you cover her up with a sheet, like she's dead. And you line the hole up right over her vagina, and then you got to get in there, you know, and like through the hole. Do you guys remember the game Operation? Yeah, it's just like that. But it's still using tweezers, use that sweet D, hate it, fuck it. Yeah, I think actually, I don't know, it might be that way. It might be another way. It might be that the guy holds a sheet like over him. You know, just puts it over there and just has a dick out of the hole. Like like a walking glory hole. Just a dick, I'm like, You know stick, Boone! I don't know. I always thought it was the former, but it might be the latter. Yeah, oh, sorry, but they're not Jews, for the boys. Former and latter means first and second. The reason for the sheet that I always thought was twofold. I thought it was just because these are like super religious people, super pious people, and they're studying the Torah and the Talmud, which is like the Gomorrah all day. And they don't want me distracted, you know? Anybody with a wife or a girlfriend, you know, you think about her naked sometimes. So they're like to combat that, they're just like cover her up with the sheets. You don't want to look at her, she won't be thinking about her. Don't be distracted. And then the other reason is, there's a commandment to be full and multiply. In order to do that, you have to have an erection. And Jewish women... That's the best way to say this. It's not ugly, it's not ugly, that's not the word, that's not the word, it's not ugly. Here's the word I'm going to use. Inbred. Yeah, we're in inbred race, everybody. The boys and the girls. We've only been fucking ourselves for like 5,000 years. So if you don't get outside genetics, shit starts to get weird. As people ask me, is Judaism a race or religion? I'm like it's both. I'm like, well how can it be a race? I'm like, because you can pick a Jew out of a lineup. If you have eight men, you're like the Woody Allen one. Obviously you, come on, come on, let's go. It doesn't look like other religions. You can't pick a Catholic out of a lineup. Unless they're in the middle of raping a child. I mean, you would have to get so lucky with the timing. I guess what you could do, you could have a lineup and then release a child into the room and then lock the door. And then you just gotta play the waiting game. You gotta wait for the one to start shaking and sweating and like talking to him. Keep it together Jeremiah. You guys raping that? I'm not, I just wanna know if you guys are gonna rape that. I'm not gonna rape it. I might even think about raping it. You guys are gonna rape. Hey, can I smell his butt? Is that a love? I've been making fun of that Catholic priestess scandal for like 20 straight years. I can't stop making fun of it. I have Catholic friends. They get mad at me about it, but fuck off. My buddy Steve, he's Catholic, he's a comic. I made a Catholic joke once and he got off stage and he was, he had nothing but, you know. So I got off stage and he was like, What do we have to do to make you stop making fun of Catholics? And I was like, one thing. It's just that one thing. Are you guys not getting the message? Just stop raping children. Do you have a game plan in place to improve? Can I spit ball with you a little? Can I suggest? I don't know, right or wrong, but start raping adults for a while. See how that works out? It's 50, 60 years. I'm like that. And then eventually, maybe no rapes at all. When I think we get all agree, you know you're fucking up as a group. And raping adults is a step in the right direction. Yeah, the only problem is now every time a Jew fucks up sexually, all my friends are like, Well, well, well. Guess you guys aren't perfect either. Yeah, like fucking what's it's a Jeffrey Epstein? That was about, Epstein is a Jewish name if you don't know. If you don't know before, now you're no. You know, Jeffrey Epstein is he was a, he ran an underage sex trafficking ring. Yeah, had his own private island. And he did it. Bill Clinton went there, but just to play golf, I think he said. There was no golf or book Clinton lived, so he went to fuck child island and get a sweet nightholds it. Anyway, they're like, what about Jeffrey Epstein, Ari? He's a Jew, and I'm like, that's fair. And I'll answer that from a Jewish perspective. Here's, here's what Jeffrey Epstein goes to show you. It's that no matter what industry Jews choose to go into, we will rise to the top of that island. He's the number one name in underage sex trafficking. Anyway, the point is Jews have a look. That's my point. Everybody's got to look. I mean continent to continent, people look way different in South America than they do in Africa. Candle, they look different. Even country to country people look different. I've been on tour all the way to Europe. People looked at, I was a dude, I was in Berlin. Four days in Berlin. Hottest women in the world. I've been to Sweden and Brazil. I thought they used to be the hottest, it's German girls. They're fucking tens, dude. Every one of them. And the dudes too, every dude there was like six foot five and chiseled. I just walk around Berlin for four days, they're in the same beautiful men and women. And for the first time in my life, I was like, yeah, I get it now. I guess I never looked at it from their point of view. Germans are perfect. And Jews all look like we're dying. We are, we're falling apart, man. You need outside genetics, their shit starts to get weird. Same as looking at the royal family in England, they're all like, blah, love your leader. You know? They're all half-tards, eating their own shit in the corner. Same as Jews, we're falling apart. Every Jew has the same fucking Jew pattern baldness. You know, that's what God's like. Try to get laid, do something, cover it up if you have to. I don't know. We're falling apart near sightedness. I didn't raise the guy's surgery, I'd still have glasses. Yeah, Dr. Weinberg did a great job. We're on the Rodic, we're like, Taysac's disease, fell on a part. Feed a glass of whole milk to a Jew. Watch him reign diarrhea for 40 days and 40 nights. Absolutely falling apart, because we're inbred. It's kind of like, uh, do you guys know what pugs are? The dog breed pugged the most inbred of all dog breeds. We've ever seen a pug get excited and then struggled to breathe. Throw a ball through a pug four times in a row. Listen to the sound of him, John. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah, that's what Jews are. We're the pugs of the human world. Anyway, the point is, we have a look. So every Jewish woman I've ever had sex with, this has been like 10, 12 of my life and everyone, for a moment, or the whole time looking at her, but at least for one moment I'll look at her and she looks exactly like my aunt Ruth. And my boners like no fucking way. So to combat that, I always thought they just were like, well, why don't you just take a sheet, cover her up. Yeah, they just fucking multiverse of holes and you're hucking there. By the way, here's what I study. There's two types of Jews. I'm only talking about one type. There's Ashkenazi and Sphari. So when the Greeks drove us out or the Romans are one of the fucking thousand times we got driven out, we got pushed in different directions. And some of us went north to like Poland and Romania and Hungary and places like that. And some of us went east to like Syria and Iran, Iraq, places like that. Those are called Sphardic Jews. So there's my grandmother called them animals. She's like, they don't cut their hollah, they're taric. They don't have them in our house. And those people are tougher. They're tougher Jews because they got some Arab in them and they're just like tougher. They never had the Holocaust, too. So there's no victim mentality there. The Holocaust never got to Syria. So they were all like, what? Why are you victim? Just fight back. You just wouldn't understand. But I'm talking about Ashkenazi Jews. What do you want to choose? That's a type I'm talking about. So let me tell you what we did in Seminary in Shiva and Jerusalem. All we did was study the Torah and mostly the Talmud, the Gomara. I'll use those words interchangeably. It means the same thing. And we prayed. Three times a day we prayed. It's a lot. Most of them go five times a day. You got us on that. Christians play like twice a year. And the Talmud is really just a series of what-ifs to help codify the law. So the Torah will say something like, like, thou shalt not kill. You get put to death if you kill. But the Talmud is like, what about self-defense? And you're like, yeah, good question, Talmud. Good question. So here's to my favorite what-ifs from the Talmud. And these would still be done today. My favorite too. Okay, what if you have insects with your wife and in the middle of it, she starts a period. You know, that could happen. I know women, whenever I've had sex with a woman and she's like, oh, shit, it's not my period. Then we was getting embarrassed. Which is weird. Like, ooh, it's not my period early. But I'm always like, oh, did you? I can't even put on him. It's a cow. It's a cow. No. And chicks always getting embarrassed by it. They're like, uh, sorry, don't get embarrassed. At least from my perspective, I'm always like, I love it. You know, I started my period. Like, that's right, you started your period early. Because I hit that back wall. My dick starts your period. My dick is your god. My dick is your mood. Makes us feel powerful. Don't feel bad about it all. So, uh, what if you start your period early? I would say, you know, just stop fucking. No big deal. If I was the ancient robbers at a time, or keep fucking, you already got the sin, you may as well enjoy yourself. You know, it's like if you get a parking ticket, you don't move your car. Park for free for the rest of the day. That's not what the rabbis of Gamara say. They said, uh, no, you're not doing anything wrong until you find out you started your period. And then when you're inside of vagina, you can't pull out. Because pulling out is a stroke. It's an enjoyable stroke. So, where are you gonna go? It's like, it becomes like a Chinese pussy trap, you know? So, this is what they say to do. This is what they say. I think in your, uh, your diet or mama karma, one of those. But you're fucking, right? And then that, she goes, I start my period. You're supposed to stop, look up, think of the glory and all of God. Until your manhood subsides. Yeah, you have to let your dick exit of natural causes. Oh, what a fun bonding moment for you and your wife. For her to feel you go soft inside of her. And how confusing, for you to have a dick point of you, you're just plugging away, you know? You're just like this. And then all of a sudden, it just stops. Hello? Hello? Little movement, please. Little movement here. I'll definitely stop thinking about God. The twig, the twig, the twig, the twig. All right. Well, probably gonna get out of here then. Here's my favorite, here's my all time favorite, what if from the tall one? Uh, it's about, it's about dietary laws. We have kosher. You guys have heard that word, right? kosher? Yeah. Certain things we can and can't eat. And that's what we call kosher. Muslims have halal. Christians just go buck wild. So you can't mix meat and milk. No, the mix meat and milk. The reason for that is God is a cunt. Can't even go into it. But like, uh, so I never had a cheeseburger. Tell us 23 years old. Never had a cheeseburger. Yeah, it's weird. Weird upbringing. You know? The closest I got was I had a hamburger and then six hours later, I ate a slice of cheese and then I was like. I had a couple of cheeseburgers coming out, but never go into it. Also no, no pig products of any kind. No pork, no bacon, no ham. Not a lot of it all. Um, actually, it's fun because I took my nephew for his bar mitzvah. I took him to a New York Ranger game. Um, bar mitzvah is a Jewish coming of age ceremony. You've heard that. It's like Mexicans have keen scenarios, I guess, for a little girl's. Uh, it's when a, Bar mitzvah is when a Jewish boy becomes a man. And that's when he can read from the Torah for the first time. And they'll let him on his own, a victim family out of their homes. Uh, you know, all by himself. Um, and so for his bar mitzvah, I took my nephew to a Ranger game. My, my orthodox Jewish nephew and, uh, doing first intermission and went and got concessions. And I ordered a bacon cheeseburger. And he was like, uh, uh, I'm like, I don't know what to tell you to do. When you're 19, you get fucking come out of this dumb cult. But until then, I told your mom you'd be good. So enjoy your French fries, loser. But you got to understand he's never seen bacon before. 13 years old has never been to a non-Cosha restaurant. Why would he? He's only friends with Jews. He's only going to hangs around with Jews. He's never seen bacon. He's never smelled bacon. Never touched bacon. And he just had questions. Look, I was already the cool uncle, you know. My fuck hookers, I do drugs. A dude bacon? I think he was just like, I'm Galari. What, what is bacon taste like? And I'm like, oh, it's the greatest thing in the world. How do you even explain bacon to someone's neighbor? It's like, you have no jumping off ground to understand this. It's like explaining for you. You know, or hardship to a millennial. He was like, my mom said it tastes like roast beef. She's a liar, dude. Your mom's a liar. It's my little sister. I knew it a long time ago. I thought she stopped lying. But now I know she's still doing it. He's like, why do you think she's lying? Because she's never had bacon. And I've had both bacon and roast beef. So I'm the expert. I'm a real man. I'm a real man. And I've had both bacon and roast beef. So I'm the expert here. And he goes, well, so you don't like roast beef. You're missing the point completely. Roast beef is fine, dude. But next to bacon, roast beef is like making out with Madonna now. So we have these kosher laws. And so here's my favorite, what if in the tall one? What if you're making some soup, okay? Let's imagine a big vat of soup in the town square. In Jesus' times Jerusalem. Can you picture it? Some guys making this fucking cauldron of soup. And one of these gois. One of these shifty fucking gois. He's just kind of like milling about, you know, just hanging by nearby. What's that goi even doing here? Nobody wants him here. Just shifty, you know? Just bringing down property values. I hate when they're here. And he reaches his pocket. This can't be good. What's his goi going to? He pulls out, yep, some ham. No one's looking. It's breaking. Don'ts the ham right in the soup. He's like, fuck off, Jews. Fuck it takes off. What if that happens? They're eating the soup or not. That's what the tall one was. That's legit. What if from the Gamar? That I studied for three weeks. I was a shiver in Jerusalem when I was 19 years old. I get the other ones. I really do. What if you kill somebody by accident? What if you stab a period into your wife? Sure, sure, sure. What if a rogue goi? Lose his goddamn marbles. Brace to your Jew security. And commits just the saltest act of terrorism of all time. It's a hate crime. Pure and simple. It's a hate crime. But no loss of life. But ooh, what a possible loss of soup. What would it do if it looked up in poly? So if that happens, the Gamar asks, then what do you do? What do you do with the soup? Can you eat it? Or can you not eat it? What do you, not the Orthodox Jews? Everybody else. What do you guys think? Eat it? A couple hell knows. What? Take out the ham. All right, you're thinking. Think it. That's what the Gamar does, by the way. Just teaches you, like, think it out. Logic this out. What can you do? Maybe run it through a sheet. Maybe whatever. You know? But all they did, the ancient robins just discussed it. And come up with the answer. And you're all wrong. You're all wrong. You were never going to get it. The answer is, for sure, you were never going to get this. The answer is, it depends on the ratio of ham to soup. Yeah. And that number? And I don't know why. That number. Actually, if anybody knows it, on the count of three, say it. One, two, three. 60. Yeah. 160. I'm not making it up. Yeah. A lot of you Christians are like, wait, what's going on right now? Did R.E. have 47 audience plans? 160. The law is called Beto Bishisham, the waste of the 60th. And if it's less than 160th, you know, if it's 164th, ham to soup, then the ancient robins are like, hey man, this was soup a little better ham. I never heard nobody. Yum, yum, eat it up. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. Yum, yum, eat it up. But if it's the last water, or a little more ham, it's 159th, ham to soup, then they're like, dude, that's obviously ham soup. Pour it out on the street. Don't give it to the nachos. I don't incentivize them to do it again. Throw it out. Here's the cool thing though. Here's what me and all my friends like tapped into. We were 19 in this issue. We were like, there's the coolest part of the law. The ham in the non-ham soup, if it's 167th, whatever, ham to soup, it's no longer considered ham. Yeah, it's lost its hamness. So you can eat that ham. And that, my friends, is a loop hole that we were all looking for. Yeah. Yeah. Jews do love loop holes. That's what makes them so good. That's what makes them such great taciturnies. We find loop holes when we exploit them. We really do. You know how the women wear the wigs? Loop hole. You ever see the women's wear the wigs? Because it's, okay, you can't covet your neighbor's wife. And they say one of the things you covet is their hair. Hair is an attractive quality to a woman. So you have to cover your hair if you're a married woman. So these Jewish women who were just as smart as Jewish men, they went looking for loop holes. So they went to their rabbis. They covered up our hair with a baseball cap. And he's like, yeah, whatever, do anything. And they're like, can we cover our hair with someone else's hair? And they're like, where are you going with this? No, we proposed to cover up our hair with some hair we bought in China. So it's not us they're attracted to. It's Sung Lee from Shanghai. And the rabbis were like, well played. You can't use electricity in the Sabbath. That's what you know how to do. If it lights on, it's on. If it's off, it's off. From Friday night sundown to Saturday sundown. All shop is long. You can't use electricity. However, you can get a goi to use it for you. You can't ask outright because that's cheating. But you can hint strongly at it. So maybe you have an orthodox Jewish family in your building or your neighborhood. And maybe they talk to you for the first time ever. And they're like, this is odd. You're like, hey neighbor, how you doing? I lived in the next door for the last 25 years. I haven't said how do you ever. Well, it turns out it's very hot out and we left our air conditioning off. And you'd be like, okay, turn it on. I'm glad you brought that up. I cannot turn it on because my God forbid it. However, for goi, we're to do it for me. By then, I can be a nice cool breeziness. That happens on the shop. What you should do is, just go over there and turn it on for them. Be nice about it. And then you'll be known as a shop of scoy. And that is the highest level of goi. Yeah. In fact, actually, if you have next door neighbors or are with their Jews, just go over there and be like, how's your light situation today? I'm part of an orchestra out of my back. Can I help with anything bothering you? Hand-tongued? Don't love you, dude. Don't give me tons of hollah. So anyway, back to a beatual bushing. Back to the waist of the 60th. Me and all my friends were like, that's a loophole we've been looking for. What if one of these gois comes to my mom's kitchen? You know, maybe the Amazon delivery guy. And he's like, hi, Mrs. Chaffir, I need you to sign right there. I'm trying to align if you don't mind. Yeah, just sign. Just right there the line if you don't mind. Hey, what are you cooking back there? Oh, is it some soup you fucking bitch? You know, makes a break for it. We should know his pocket, first pocket ham. But honestly, we thought you guys had ham on you at all times. We didn't know any gois. We didn't want to know any gois. We just thought you guys were like, just in case some juice soup appears. I'm gonna be ready. Fucking dunks it in the ham, fuck off, Jews, you know. And then, case off. Me and all my friends, same exact day trip. None of us were like, I'm gonna go fight that guy. Well, why? You'll lose. There's no reason. No, we all the same day trip. We're going for that measuring cup. And if it's less than one 60th, we're eating ham soup tonight! Yeah, what did you guys do about when you were 19? Same shit or like, different shit? By the way, okay, so you guys, I know I'm painting this picture of Orthodox Jews being like, very instiller and like different. But like, we're not that different than you. It's like just like one step down. You know, we did normal shit. We listened to top 40 music. We could watch movies, regular art movies, even. No nudity, but violence was fine as long as it was gois dying. It was cool. I played basketball as in a basketball team. My league was three Jewish schools, a deaf school, and a Sidwell friends. Yeah, but you had to play with your Yamagon. The girls had to play with skirts with sweatpants underneath. Yeah, but I played with the Yamagon. And what I would do is I clip my hair, my clip on the Yamagon, just one clip. So we were like, move around a little. I'm six foot three. I was at tallest Jew in like nine years of my school. So I was a center. So there's no Jews aren't known for their verticals. So what the fuck am I gonna do? So I get the ball in the post, right? And I go like this, and the Yamaka would like move. And it would put like defenders in a trance. And they would follow the Yamaka. Drop step to the left. The easy doof. Yeah, you gotta use what you got. You gotta use what you got. Yeah, we're like you. Just like one step off. You know, like, okay, like Christians, you know, you don't have premarital sex. But you do it. You just not allowed it. And Jews were not all a touchwomen before marriage. But we, you know, we still did. It was like bad kids. We'd meet girls in the woods behind school. And we'd like hold hands. But as we were doing it, we're like, What a fucking slut. Oh my god. Who would marry her now? It's you, but one step off. That's all. Let me tell you about Yom Kippur. It's our biggest holiday. It's our both somber day in the Jewish calendar. It's a day of atonement. It's part of the Assyria of Aetua, the 10 days of repentance. From Russia, Shana to Yom Kippur. And yet to pay for forgiveness the whole day on Yom Kippur. It's a fast from sundown to the next day sundown. Super somber. God's judging you for your sins. He's deciding on your fate. This is one of my earliest memories. This is me as probably a six-year-old, maybe, first grade. Guys, it's gonna get weird right here. Just so you know. First grade. My dad, before Yom Kippur started, he was like, hey, come with me to the front lawn. We're gonna say his prayer called Kapparot. And he brought with him to say his prayer, a chicken, a live chicken. And I was like, I'm gonna name it big name. Yeah, my dad said, oh, we will not be naming this chicken. Yeah, and I should've said, Dad, what's this foreshadowing mean? Here's our Kapparot works. You say his prayer over and over again. And then symbolically, as you say it, your sins are supposed to kind of like wash off you a little bit. But they don't evaporate the sins. They gotta go somewhere. So, this chicken. Yeah, it's a sin chicken. And it eats sins. I know, I get it. It's very strange. We're not the only culture that does you like that. There's other cultures that are similar stuff. There's a tribe in the Amazon, Central South America. Every three years, villagers come together. They put their sins on a goat, and they fucking kick the goat off a cliff. Yeah. Yeah. Catholics, you tell your sins to a rapist behind a counter. And then... You know, he knows whatever he wants with it. So let's not judge what's weird or less weird. That's all putty fucking out there. And Jews, we got a sin chicken. So six years old, first grade. We're saying Kapparot, we're saying his prayer over and over again. All my sins, you know, my god's it. Fucking eat it, sin chicken. I punch my sister, I stole a pencil. Eat it, sin chicken, you love it. Slurping up. My dad's over there doing his Kapparot, and this chicken's just fucking godless. Fucking cover in this bitch and sins, you know. It's like a buccacchi of regret over this fucking slut's face. God, come on, just Bible talk, you guys. That's all we're doing here. Just regular Bible talk, I've done this before. And then we were done, and my dad was like, all right, symbolically we're white, clean of sin. I was like, oh, it's so cool. Can we go back inside? Yeah, we can go back inside. But before we do, I mean this chicken's got to pay for his crimes. What? Big name? What did big name do? He goes, no, there's no one here by that name, first of all. I already told you that. Second, well, he knows what he did. He punched his sister, he stole that pencil. He gossiped. All my stuff. Look, man, Jews are excellent lawyers. And this motherfucker's gonna hang for his crimes. Yeah, so he reached down in front of me. Six years old, I was screaming for him not to. I was like, no, no, please. And he reached down, he grabbed his chicken by the neck. And if I come down, he didn't snap the neck. He picks it up by the neck. And just start fighting. Oh, yeah, way worse whatever you guys pictured five seconds ago. Far, far, far by bear. Whatever you were thinking is like the way I did not see it coming at all. You know it was more surprised? Big name. You should have heard like, what the fuck? Who's that guy? He was that chicken eight minutes earlier, how are you gonna die? No way, I guess it's correct. Big name, how are you gonna die? That old age, I think, probably old age. He's Jewish, treat me great, you know. He's never guess I'm gonna die by swinging over a Hebrews head. It is some northern African voodoo ritual. The brother was not only my family, wasn't like we were the weird ones. If you drive on this street, see after him before young Kippur, a teen ex-New Jersey, a Skokie, Illinois, or a cat-mill, Maryland, or wherever you guys keep your Johnny Cash Jews. You'll see dozens of them last-rowing poultry in front of their horrified young sons. Then he finished, he threw it down right near my feet, not dead. Just hurt bad. Like knocking him recover bad. You know, taking a wing, trying to get away. Like, blah. Blah, blah, blah. Just trying to get home to see your eggs one more time. Blah, blah, blah. And then you can't even chicken afterwards. Now I'm gonna have the chickens. Cause it's got our scissor on it, so you can't eat it. So, you know what we do with it? You're not, I mean, you're for sure not gonna like this, but... We give it to poor people. We don't tell them about the scents. They were like, here, we have some chicken. Eat it, eat it. No, it's chicken. Go ahead, eat it, eat the chicken. Eat the chicken. Eat the chicken, it's good. Eat it, eat the chicken. It's good, eat the chicken. Yeah, so here's the weird part. Oh. Yeah, that's not the weird part at all. That's not the weird part. That is weird, that's not the weird part. Here's the weird, I took it for granted. Here's the weird part. I went home again for Russia Shana. It's part of the 10 days of repentance. Russia Shana did a Yom Kippur. It's called the Assyria Gimitruva. And I went home again, probably seven, eight years ago. And at this point now, I'm way out of the religion. Okay. When I was like, I guess 22, 23, I had a Christ of faith. And I realized, I realized I didn't believe in God. And that's like a pretty important part of the religion. Actually, it was when I was in that Ishiva, that seminary in Jerusalem. I, um, okay, so I left a light on above my bed, or reading light on above my bed in the dormitories. And it was just in my eye on Friday night, on Shabbat's night. I couldn't fucking sleep. And it was right in my eye. I was getting so fucking frustrated that eventually I was like, fuck this, I'll just, I'll turn it off. You know, and right when I went to turn it off, I was like, some people walked by my window and I'm like, fuck, I'll get in trouble. There's no goiies to help me, you know? Not in Jerusalem. So I was like, fuck. And I didn't turn it off. But then I thought about later. I was like, why would I care if people got me in trouble? You know? I should care about God. And then it hit me and I'm like, eh, why don't believe in God? Fuck. So I'm like, I'm out. I'm done. I went and got my first non-coacher meal, Taco Bell. Yeah. No. Do not clap for Taco Bell. Ever. Oh, I was so like overcome by guilt. I threw up after I ate it. But now that I'm looking back on it, I realized it was not the guilt at all. I just thought that, then. I thought that was real food back then. It's Taco Bell. Never ever eat there. So I left. I had to leave. I had to, my Orthodox Jewish Holocaust survivor father. Yeah. That I was out. Yeah, he didn't. He wasn't stoked. I get it from his perspective. You got to understand. Like, he just sent me to Hebrew school for 12 years. I'm like $15,000 a year. You know, Jews don't love wasting money. I don't know if you heard about us. And then you shave a seminarian Jerusalem at like 30 grand a year for two more years. And then when I got out, I was like, Dad, I need to talk to you about something important. And he's like, you want to become a rabbi, don't you? And I'm like, oh, quite the opposite. I want to tell Dick jokes to drunk people all over America. And he's like, he was mad. He goes, I saw my name believe in God. He goes, even a dog believes in God. You're lower than a dog. Which did hurt. That's how I looked it up. I'm like, what researcher you're quoting on that? So we're fine now. We're totally fine. But I went home again for Rosh Hashanah. The other part of the Ten Days of Repentance. And before it started, he took me to the backyard. And he goes, come to me and say his pair called Tashlach. He brought a loaf of bread with him back to his creek in the woods. He starts tearing off pieces of bread. Sans and prayer, throw it in the creek. And I'm like, what is this? Because I'm out. I don't remember any of this, right? And he goes, oh, well, what we're doing here is we're putting our sins on the bread. And then... And these fish, these sin fish, they eat our sins. It's swim away. Yeah, and dude, all these memories started flooding back. And I was like, wait, is this like that chicken thing for when I was little? And he goes, yeah, good memory. Exactly. They're interchangeable. You could do either one. You were on the option. When I was six years old, you could have fed goldfish with me. And instead, you killed me, Lee. I was like, in hindsight, it was not the best idea. Yeah, but getting out of the religion, man, I thought I'd be like, I thought I'd miss a sense of community and stuff. But now I got my first blow job, and I'm like, oh, hell, yes. I loved it. I experienced new things every Saturday morning. I'm fucking flicking on and off lights. I'm like, uh, you know? In college, I do have LCD. I'm like, making up for lost time. Yeah, but I'm way out now. But there aren't still Jewish stereotypes that, well, maybe you guys know them. So I'm sure you've heard them. You know, big dicks, great lovers. What have you guys heard? Go ahead, throw it out. Jewish stereotypes. What do you heard? Big nose. Cheap. Cheap, sure. A lot of people said that one. Okay. Stinky. Terrible, what? Terrible eyesight, not bad. Moronic? Oh, neuronic. Okay, that I will allow. What? They like to haggle. Yeah, these are all correct. A freight of cats. That's just one Jew you met. No. They control the weather. We do not control the weather. We are working on it, but we're not there yet. We are making plants. Brooklyn, bad at basketball. How about smart, funny, any of the good ones at all? Creative. You guys all want negative, for no reason at all. I don't know. I'm not here to take the wrong words. These are all true. Everything you have said is true. Cheap, big noses. That affects my life. And by the way, we are cheap, but that's only compared to you. You understand? I didn't grow up with you. So maybe I'm cheap compared to you guys, but I'm not cheap compared to Hyman's Shlomo. You know? So we were aware of the stereotype, so I told you we watch movies and stuff, but we just had fun with them. We're very funny people. We just had fun with it. We had this game in high school, we played, called Get It Juice, and the way you play was, if you had a few pennies in your pocket, you could start the game. Yeah, you guys can all play this if you want. Actually, you get fired for sure, do not play it. Don't play it, I'm wrong about that. But any three pennies or more, so any between classes, if you were like, you know, I got some, as everyone's in the hallways, you just go, get it, juice. I just throw it away, and look. Oh, come on. I got a penny, I'm a cheater, I got a penny. Yeah, our rabbis are like, absolutely not. You cannot play that game anymore. Yeah, and now it comes out with a cheap of the big noses. Every time I'm going to party with my comedian friends and cocaine is going around, like as soon as it gets to me, all my friends are like, well, I guess we're all done with the cocaine now. The guy with the biggest nostrils, the less free shit the most, just stepped up to the plate. Come on, guys, come here, some slack out. Here's a modern Jewish stereotype. Jewish women, terrible of blow jobs. It's a real thing. Food me wrong. LAUGHTER Pushy, Jews are pushy, that one I hate. That one's the one I see the most. And that's sfartic and Ashkenazic Jews. We're both fucking pushy, dude. Then there's scusole batches that's happened to us, you know? The Holocaust, that's pretty much it. The honestly not much is going wrong for Jews. But when it does go wrong, it goes off the fucking rails. Actually, off the rails would have been a really good thing during the Holocaust. And we're just saved a lot of lives. But they are pushy. Do you want to tell us Holocaust footage on the history channel? It was showing like, because it goes like shark week and then Nazi month. And so I'm connected to the Holocaust. In a way, my dad's a survivor. My grandfather was a liberator from a death camp. He was liberated from a work camp. Him and his two sisters and his mom survived. Every other great one uncle survived. And like 30 others were murdered. So we're connected to the Holocaust. We heard stories about all the time. So I'm watching this line of Jewish men starved and like going into, I think a gas chamber. I think that's what it was. So they're going to their death and they're like slowly lined up. And I'm thinking like, dude, if my dad's a village was invaded a week earlier, then that's him. That's his grandfather, you know? And this guy's like slowly moving forward. These other Jews are like coming into and the first Jew was like, I was here first! They're so pushy! So, all right. By the way, you guys, I'm focusing on Judaism just because it's my religion. It's the one I know most about. You probably know most about that. But I'm just one religion in many religions, right? So what I'm hoping you guys do tonight in this whole weekend month and shit, go home and examine your own crazy shit from your own religion. Because I just don't know all your crazy shit. But I know you have crazy shit. Everybody does. I just know very little of what's that one kind of Christian that fucking drowns those people. And you're like, that's normal. Baptist, yeah, what the guys? That's not chill. I saw it in a movie at 21 years old. It's a fucking religious leader in a wet t-shirt contest in a creaky Kentucky. And then he's standing there up to his, and somebody rushes him. He's like, y'all blow! It's like Jesus. It's like, y'all. It's like, oh, I've just cheesed him. It's like, kill Bill, where he's like, who's gonna come at me? And then he just ups it. He's like, hand me a baby. And I'm like, what? No way. Turn this up. I know where he's going to hand this guy a baby. I'll always be like, my name is my name. I thought they were going to start throwing babies out on my fucking Trump in Puerto Rico with a towel. And he gets a baby, I don't know what he say, he was like, you know, whatever. But power of grace goes, oh, I got you. Oh, I got you. Hello, Majal. Yeah, so you guys got crazy here too. But none of what you got is as crazy as this thing. This comes from Kabbalah, Jewish mysticism. There's a book in there called The Zohar, which is the most out there mystical book there is. Like, it's out there. And they tell you not to study it, because it's about ghosts and the afterlife and shit like that. Most of Judaism is honestly just how to live your day-to-day life. Like how to love your wife. We do respect our wives. You just can't participate. But you got to respect your wife. How to love your wife. You know how to keep kosher. What happens if a goi ham's up her soup? You know, all that stuff. And The Zohar is like, why bother? And a drove men insane to study it. Like, so they say you're not supposed to study it to your 35 and married. But I saw it on a shelf in my eschiva in Jerusalem. And I was, you know, Jews are inquisitive. We're nosy on two fronts. And I was like, nobody's looking. I'm like, fuck it. I'm cracking it. I opened it up. I thought ghosts were going to fly out. Like one of those Harry Potter books. It's just a book. It's just a book. So I read it. And I read one passage before they found me and stopped me. And it was about masturbation. I got lucky. So you know how you're not supposed to masturbate in like every religion? There's not one religion. Like, no, go for it. It feels awesome. Why wouldn't you do it? Of course masturbate. Look how long I made your arm. I could have got any design. I went from scratch. I went exactly, thought I'm on top on both hands. Come on. No, don't touch it. Every religion is like, don't touch it. So in The Zohar, it says that when you are masturbating, when you do masturbate, what happens is, on the genomes to you, a demon woman comes into the room. You know, I know. And she rides you. She fucks you. You can't see her or feel her. So calm down in cells. And she rides you. And then when you calm, it goes into her and she gets pregnant. And then she, yeah, this is all real shit, dude. Well, whatever. I mean, none of this is real shit. But it's as real as Adam and Eve. And she rides you and she gets pregnant. And she goes off to this nether region. It's not heaven or hell or earth. It's just like this in between. Kind of like stranger things to the upside down. And she goes and has your baby. And the next time you masturbate, she comes back and she rides you again. Might be a month later. It's probably like 20 minutes later. And every single time you masturbate, the same demon lady rides you. And every single time she gets pregnant, she might be Latina. It's tough to say. They didn't really have that. They all test it. But at the science point, that's what they were saying. And all 13s, you're just whipping out these demon kids. Just kids, kids, kids, kids, kids, kids. So you're 20s, kids, kids, kids, these demon kids, you have. Oh, and it describes the kids. And they are fucked up. Yeah, not only because they grew up in a single parent household. Yeah, that can mess with any child. It's worse than that. They're mutants. Describes, they're half demon, half humans. They're all like the form. They got like one short leg, one short arm. Like 18 eyeballs going on their side. Oh, and they hate you. Yeah, because I guess somebody told them, if you just waited and fucked a regular human, they could have been a regular boy or girl. You couldn't wait. Could you generate pieces of shit? You saw an inside-out sock on the floor. And you're like, I'm gonna make a little demon baby right now. Yeah, by the way, none of this applies to women. You guys can drill off all you want. Scott Frey. Yeah. Enjoy your first taste of female privilege. But for the men, what we're producing is these fucking demon babies. Like, ah, I hate daddy. Somebody else like, what are you talking about, daddy? Like, yeah, I hate daddy. I hate him too. Ah, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like. And then two more pop up because you couldn't sleep on a Monday. Oh, what is this? Daddy did it. Ah, I hate him. Ah. All-theory-thirties, kids, kids, kids, kids. Your whole life just whipping out these demon babies till you're 90-something years old, you know. You're like, I ain't gonna masturbate when I came. I ain't gonna masturbate in your 15 years. My Parkinson's will help me with this. And then you get one drop. One drop doesn't matter, kid. And then you die. Ever write dies, right? At some point you die. You wake up and see afterlife. And then you're like, what's that, that's what I knew it. I knew it was an afterlife. Is that heaven? Can I get in? They're like, well, this is what they tell you. Like, you can come in. But before you do, you have to go meet your kids. Yeah, they make you meet them. And you'll be like, what kids? They don't have any kids. And they'll be like, you're so many kids. My favorite part of the job. Dude, it says here in college, you made 11 per week for four and a half years. So, it points to this house, the demon lady's house. You go over there and you knock on the door. The demon lady opens the door and you're like, hello? And she goes, oh, hello, me, sir. Oh, me, sir. Are you here at the meet your kids? Yeah, I guess so. She opens the door. And there's an army of them. You have no idea how many times you masturbated. It's so many. And they're all just walking around like walking dead. You know, it's everything. And then one of them finds, like, daddy? And they all look like, daddy's here. And they also come and ask you like, why, daddy? Why can't I be a real little boy, daddy? I want to live, daddy. We live, I can live, daddy! Yeah, it's a fucking horror movie. Very unsettling. Here's the cool part. That is negative. Here's the cool part. You don't have to take care of them. Yeah, you still got to go to heaven. Just for real ruins of vibe, that first week. You know, you meet your loved ones, your grandparents. Like, are you, like, I need a minute, guys. So anyway, let's take one last one that you guys, that we overlap a little bit, choosing Christians. And actually Muslims have this one too. Almost every religion has this. The flood, great flood. You know, you guys remember that one? Where God fucking killed everybody. He's way worse than COVID. He's COVID to 9-11th power. Fucking bad news, man. So now, at the end of the rain, God sends a sign to let us know that there will never be another great flood. Do you guys know what that sign is? The rainbow, yeah, you guys remember this. The rainbow. The rainbow is God's way of saying, hey, sorry about that one time. I overreacted for sure. You guys are wicked, but I went way too far. I'm sorry. So here's some pretty colors. Even Stevens. Yeah, now I don't know if you guys know what God's round everybody. They're wicked. The world's full of wicked people. But it was a specific kind of wicked. Does anybody know it? Saddamie is right. Saddamie is the answer. There's a few different discussions of it, but Saddamie is a big one. But fucking, if you don't know what Saddamie is, the world's full of butt fuckers. And God hates butt fuckers, everybody. Yeah, I do not. I have no problem with all butt fuckers. I have butt fucker friends. I voted for butt fucker rights in California. Yeah, it was not called that on the ballot. But it would have been less confusing. Yeah, I've been a butt fucker actually. Yeah, like 10 times. Nine times on purpose. One time, Doggy Style and Miss Happy. Yeah, I was like, this feels different. Yeah, does it feel different? I bet it does. Yeah, but I'm not God. God does not like genocide. But he hates butt fucking. You know, genocide is like, I'm not even getting involved. I'm kind of nudged here on that one. But okay, butt fucking is like, I'm going to do something about this. And back then, in Bible Times, there are whole cities devoted just to butt fucking. For what? The whole city is devoted just to butt fucking. For real. Sodom and Gomorrah. Have you ever heard of Sodom and Gomorrah? And what do you think they did a lot in the city of Sodom? They did Sodom, you guys. They did so much butt fucking. They named it after their town. That's how you know something is big in a place. What do you mean by that? Buffalo wings. We all know where those came from. You know, in Hamburg, Germany, there's these flat beef patties on a bun. They make delicious hamburger and flat beef patties. So everybody knows it from here. Yeah, hamburgers. And then two towns over in Cheeseburg, they put their own spin on it. I'm stupid as joke I've ever written in my life. I'm generally 20 years, I'm about fucking moron. In Sodom, they're just butt fucking all the time. Like, we're the best butt fuckers around. And they're like, what should we call this? Everybody knows we started that here. And somebody's like, how do we call it Sodom me? And he was like, yes. Sodom me. I'll butt fuck to that. Huh. Guys, we're not butt fucking. We're Sodom me. Oh, they excelled at butt fucking in Sodom. I don't know what they did in Gomorrah, but I guarantee you, who's some dark shit. Yeah, the last thing you want is to get Gomorrah. But here's today all the flood, the Great Flood. It's about a thousand years before Salah Mammurah. And back then, it wasn't one or two butt fuck towns. They were all butt fuck towns. And God hated it, man. It drove him crazy. He paced him down in his god house going, he's fucking butt fuckers. It's not what I want for the butt. The only fucker who pissed him blood comes out. And then Mrs. God was like, come to bed. There's no Mrs. God, by the way. I didn't make that up, but if there was, she'd be like, just tell them how you feel. You're so smart, baby. So he went to all the towns, right? He went to the whole world. He told them. Guys, could you please stop butt fucking? They were just not receptive at all. They were like, we'll never stop butt fucking. This is who we are. You're actually been culturally insensitive, to be honest. Get with the times, man. It's negative 8,000. A lot of people fucking butt fuck at this point. I think it's like, really? All you butt fuck, the gay man. We all butt fuck. Get over it. Oh, actually, it's not true. It's not true. It's not one guy up on the hill. Old Noah. Old vaginal only Noah. That's a recall. It's fucking nerd. He had her butt fucks. All he ever does is just raw dog in the pus. Oh, disgusting. Disgusting. They ridiculed Noah. They made a life of living hell. They really were really mean to him. They made a register as a sex offender. Can't be around our good butt fucking kids with that crazy, satanic raw dog in the push that you're pulling. So Noah lived by himself on the mountain with his pussy having wife. That's what God found of. And he goes, Noah is just like, Noah, is this true? That you just raw dog in the pus? And Noah is like, by the way, guys, I hope you understand. I'm paraphrasing a lot of this. I don't want any of my thing. There's a word for word translation tonight. The facts are all there. The linko is updated. I would say considerably. It was more like, it was more like, when is that? Oh, come on, come on, go on. You'd be like, you'd be like, uh, the Lord say it unto Noah. The dust I not tap the ass of I never heard of. But Noah's like, dude, I like the vagina. And God's like, is the vagina great? You nailed it with the vagina. It's your best invention by far. I hit it off, God don't know it. On the love of pussy. For real. That's all he talked about for like two weeks. You know that creepy guy in the bar? There's a god love pussy so much. You like, dude, fucking stop. I don't know you. That's God of Noah. That was a whole relationship. I traded pussy stories, a pussy secrets. At that point, God was like, hey Noah, you ever tried a wet vagina? And Noah was like, dude, wet vaginas are my favorite kind of vaginas. It slips right in. You just got to lick it a little bit. And God's like, uh, borderline behavior. Maybe don't ask, don't tell on that. I'm just a pretty gross. And then this is my favorite part of the story. This thing makes sense to me as a kid when I first heard it. I guess God goes, well Noah, on a kind of our experience, just raw dog into the pussy. Uh, you should be a zoologist. Then anyway, then you know what happens to start raining. And I always remember the story as God told Noah to keep it quiet. You know, keeping the DL so they don't feel boats or anything. But I remember it wrong. I had to go look it up. I was, I'm not tripped to Berlin. I also ended up going to Israel first time in like 25 years. And I was my oldest Shiva. And it's exactly the same. My old rap I was there. It's like late 80s now. Sort of a memorandum baby, but not really. He was like, what do you do now? I'm like, I'm a stand-up comedian. And he goes, that means nothing to me. All he wanted to know, he goes to you, he's still used to teaching. And I was like, actually, yeah, lately. Quite a lot. And he goes, do you want to learn something? I'm like, yes. So we went to the bait measures. We opened up this passage and we learned it. And it turned out God told Noah to warn everybody else. Because he loves his creatures, right? So he wanted to save him. Not all religions stupid. Like, it's a good lesson. Like, especially in this day and age, and everyone's like, you have views different than mine. Like, write them off. God would say, no, no, go talk to them and try to get them back. Just write them off. You know, so that Noah, he told to do that. I would love to have heard that conversation. You know, Noah, a good man going into the town. I was like, guys, I need to talk to you. And they're probably like, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay. Fuck off, dork. Oh, what are you going to talk to about? Who am I going to do? For China's. We're not interested. Sell it somewhere else, loser. I know, it's just like, why do you guys hate me so much? I'm like, because you're dick smells like pussy, faggot. Real dick smells like assholes, you fucking queer. What the fuck out of the town? I don't know what she's like, fuckin' whatever, fine. Good bye. Enjoy the weather by the way. Looks like we're right out there. And then it's our raining. You know the story? We're starting raining more and more and more. You know, first we probably came into their ankles. People in the town was like, man, I'm going to stop a good butt fucking. Probably had special traction shoes for butt fucking in the rain. But then it came raining more and more until they all drowned. All the butt fuckers. They all drowned. Even the two-year-olds. Enjoy church on Sunday. If you're going. It's what you're praying to. Child murder or God. So then with all the butt fuckers gone, God was like mission accomplished. Never have to do that again. So now we sense a sign to let us know. We'll never send another great flood. And that sign. That sign is the rainbow. The rainbow, the number one gay sign in the whole world. The rainbows on every gay flag across the globe. Every gay bar. They all use the rainbow. I always thought it was just because it was pretty colors. Nah, dude. Nah. It's a message from the homosexual community right to God. And they're telling them. Plain is day. They'll let them know. Hey, dude. We told you a long time ago. And we'll tell you every time. We're never going to stop by that. Thank you very much, everyone. You guys are okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Let my people go. Now in Israel was in each of land. Let my people go. Oh, bless so hard they could not stand. Let my people go. Oh, the Lord said, go down. Go down. Moses. Moses. Wait down. Don't meet your land. Tell them. Ferris. To let my people go. Let my people go. So Moses went to each of land. Let my people go. He made all the Ferris understand. Let my people go. Yes, the Lord said, go down. Go down. Moses. Moses. Wait down. Don't meet your land. Tell them. Ferris. To let my people go. Oh, say God, keep it up. Say hello. Ferro. To let my people go. Any questions?
There's so many facets to this Hollywood ship, man. Just when you think you have it dialed in, there's something else that comes around and it just throws your whole shit off. It's difficult. It's longer. Like I've been doing this ship for 26 years. Finally getting the shot. But it was like, my wife and I were laying in bed. We were watching one of those shows, like one of those behind-the-music or each of Hollywood stories. We watched like four of them back-to-back and my wife hit Paul's after the fourth one. She was like, holy shit. I figured out the key to success. And I'm like, what is it? And she was like, tragedy. And I'm like, what? And she was like, every one of those episodes, you just watched had an element of tragedy that befell the celebrity in question. And that's where celebrity happens. You can either throw in the towel in the face of adversity or you can use that tragedy as fuel to propel you to the next level. And I was thinking about, I was like, holy shit, you're right. And she was like, you're right. And she was like, yeah, and you've never had any tragedy in your life. And I started thinking about, I was like, holy fuck, you're right. I haven't had any tragedy. And so I started looking around at all the people that surround me and wondering who I'm willing to let go of to make this shit happen. And then two years ago, it happened. Be careful what you asked for because it happened. Two years ago, I went to Washington, DC to celebrate Thanksgiving with my family. Went from originally. It gets hard for me to talk about it. I went back there and the night before Thanksgiving, I went out drinking with my best friends that I grew up with. And fuck. I saw my grandma's titties that night. Really guys? Really? There's a laugh in my face when I'm trying to open up to you. I don't know if you've ever seen your grandma's titties, but that's some tragedy shit. Like I'm ready to make it in Hollywood now. Like I don't even have, have you ever seen your grandma's titties? They're fucking horrendous. My grandma's titties look like two horse-nose. They're all long and vainy and one's longer than the other. So it looks like a photo finish. Big brown by a nose. They're awful. This is how it happened. Old people get up early as shit for nothing. There's no reason for old people to get up as early as they do. I'm sneaking into my grandparents' house at 2.30 in the morning, stumbling drunk. I'm trying to get in the house as quiet as possible to evade the text. And I open the front door. My grandmother standing there, we're face to face, scared to shit up. I said, woo! Woo! And I was like, woo! My grandmother's very hunchback. It's got to be hollow because it was very deep in the resident. Woo! I was coming from back there. My grandma, why are you out of bed at 2.30 in the morning? I had no idea I was on the front porch. I thought there was the newspaper. At 2.30 in the morning, the shit didn't even print it yet. Go back to sleep, but you won't, because when you're 93, sleep is the cousin of death. So once she's up, she's up. All her friends have died in their sleep. So she ain't risking it. She has a coffee I need to shuffle around the house, mainlining folder, straight to the vein. I got so much caffeine in my system, I can't even bleed. I can't die if I can't close my eyes. Come on, we're in reprived. I got so full of baby. She's up. And all I want to do is just lay down. I'm like a four-year-old. I'm just like, I don't want to just go lay down. Stop standing in the doorway, let me pass. She just wants to ask me a bunch of questions. Who are you hanging out with tonight? Who was there? We're doing a lot of fine young ladies in the house. What were you drinking tonight? Who was on the wheels of steel? You don't wait till 2.30 in the morning when I'm shit faced to start trying to relate to me? So I just had to turn the tables and start to ask her a bunch of fucked up questions and make her leave me alone. Grandma, how did you let your back and higher than your head? I just wanted to lay down. She's trying to... Why am I able to see her back in your driver's license, picture? Why is it perpetually to look like someone standing behind you? I'm probably the most fucked up question I ask. So what am I supposed to do with a funeral when you won't lay down in the casket? I'll be telling the funeral directors. We don't need the pillow. We're saving that $25. Take that pillow out of the bucket. She hasn't touched the pillow in seven minutes. She hasn't touched the pillow in 17 years. You're thinking, we're going to have to come away to the back and put her arm up on the side because we can't close the casket right now. Make it look like she's in a convertible. Like she's in a tub. All I want to do is just lay down. I'm the type of drunk that I just want to kick my shoes off and fall face first in the pillow and just knock out. That's where I am. I kick my shoes off. I fall into the pillow and I'm about to pass out. Everybody's been there where you're in that little ethereal state of being half awake and half asleep. You hear something that's thrown as you awake but you can't tell if you really heard it or dreamt that you heard it. Isn't that the scariest shit in the world? Especially when you're home alone in the house and locked up tight. You're passing out almost asleep and then you hear something. Oh shit. Is there someone in my house? Now if you're in your living room and you fall asleep on the couch and you hear a noise in the living room, it wakes you up and you're like, what the fuck was that? You might sneak into the other room and grab a baseball bat or a knife or something and be like, what the fuck? Someone in my house. There's something about being asleep and bed. Makes you lazy as shit for you. This is for your own safety. You won't even get out of bed. You just start greeting the potential murder. You hear a noise like, hello? Hello? Is that ever stopping murder from happening? Like the murder has come into the house of the knife and here's a, hello? Yeah? I wasn't gonna stab the shit out of you, but I'ma sucker for a warm salutation. That greeting was warm as hell. So anyway, that's where I am. I'm passing out. I hear the shit I've never heard before. If you've ever spent the night with old people, you know they gotta get rid of this flam. They gotta hack up these chess clams. They gotta get rid of them. This throat oyster has gotta get out. After night of Yeager Bombs, not the best time to hear this for the first time. I'm passing out and half asleep and all of a sudden you're... BOOM! BOOM! I'm so disoriented. It's pitch black in the room. I'm still doing this. What the fuck is that? Native Americans? I was like, oh shit, okay. I must be tripping. Wow. So I put my head back on the pillow as soon as my head at the pillow started right back up. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! I'm all the way awake now. I'm under the covers like a beyond. What the fuck is that? BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! After like four or five minutes and nothing happening, my fears started turning to anger and I'm getting mad. Who the fuck is watching Jurassic Park at 247 in the morning? BOOM! Turn it down! I kicked the covers off. Stubble out into the living room to turn the TV down. If not off, and when I get out to the living room, the TV's already off. That scared shit out of me. That told me whatever's making those noises in the fucking house. And like I said, I'm half black and half white at that point. My two halves completely separated. The black half of me wanted to get the fuck out of the house immediately. The white half had the insatiable urge to investigate. And the white half won. I'm inching my way down the hallway towards the only light on in the house that's coming out of the bathroom, whatever it is, it's in that fucking bathroom. BOOM! I don't even know the prayer. I'm just making up shit. What the fuck am I doing? I peek around into the bathroom. I see the most horrifying gruesome macabre shit I've ever seen in my life. I see my grandmother standing in front of the sink, wearing those horrible orthopedic support compression stockings from the hospital. She's wearing those. And that's it. Shoken up longers. Titties banging it. And the worst part is I'm seeing this happen from the back. The longest, gnarliest titties banging off the saddest ass cheeks I've ever seen in my life. Every time they're swinging back around the front, they're grazing the sink. It sounds like a full-court basketball game. For three! From downtown. He's heating up. I couldn't take it anymore. I'm like, grrr! I guess I scared her startled her. She did a 180 and almost took me out with a titties. Who's there? I was drunk, but I moved quick. It's like I said, one titties is lower than the other ones, so I had to matrix the first. I had enough time to get my timing down to double dust. The second one. This is dragging across the entire... Now she's a stand there looking at it. I'm like, grandma, close the door. I'm sorry, baby. It's the light bothering you. Initially, no. Now that I'm looking at those illuminated fun bags, yeah, kill the lights. They're awful, like grape fruits and tube socks. You look like a pro-hackie sack player every time you go up the steps. I'm like, what's wrong with you? You're like, you're a pro-hackie sack. You're like, you're a pro-hackie sack. You're like, you're a pro-hackie sack. I did those jokes on TV. Don't clap. I'm gonna get in trouble. I already got in trouble for doing those on television one time. She saw me do those jokes. I told her to watch. It was a huge mistake. She called me the next day and I just sent it to voicemail because I knew it was about... I didn't want to hear it. I was in a good mood for the show. I was like, I'm not listening to this shit. Send it to voicemail and then later on that night, I listened to the voicemail and it was in raging. It was like a minute of her yelling at me. And the worst part about her yelling at me about doing the jokes about her titties was that she leaves her name at the end of the voicemail. Like, I have no idea who the fuck it is. I guess the big reveal. She was like, I saw you out bullshit last night on TV. You talked about my titties for 20 goddamn minutes on that. So tell her what the hell is wrong with you. I know you think everything is a joke, but this ain't no joke. These are my real titties and my real life. I told all my girls from church. My church, my Bible study class to watch my grandson on TV. Now I can't go back to my Bible study class. It's all my girlfriends. Let me talk about Hick, a big long, teeny Margaret coming. You talk about my titties for 20 goddamn minutes on that. You need to knock that off. Leave my titties in my blouse and not on your routine. And you better call me back and let me know you got this message. This is grandma, by the way. Followed by her signature hang up, which is another minute and a half. Her trying to hang up the phone. Call me back this way, my old buddy. Talk to yourself. What the hell going on? I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck.
Coming to the stage since you have so much fun. I know you're going to enjoy him. He's one of the hottest comedians in Jersey, and he's had to kick it out. Yo, give it up for Bill Bellamy. Let's get started. Please. Yeah. Yeah. What's up, New York? Same. We in a hat. Oh, shit. Give it up for all the ladies in the house, fellas. Let the dogs loose. Hey. I mean, watch the TV a lot, y'all. Y'all, y'all, everybody here seeing those early pregnancy tests commercials. You notice they only got white people in them? And everybody in the commercials was happy? The girl came out the bathroom. Honey. Guess what? And he's sitting on the couch. What, babe? We're positive. Fucking at. That shit ain't real. I want to see a sister. I want to see a sister. Everybody here wanted to see one sister going in the bathroom. She should be in there. She could be like, damn. Guess what? You're going to ask, need a job. You're all sad. Sid is crazy, man. Crazy, Sid. A lot of crazy stuff happened to me, man. New York is flabber. One thing I don't like about New York, man, when you come over here and you drive, every time, tell the truth. When you park on the bathroom, don't you always turn around and look at your car like you may never see that motherfucker again. Come on now. I don't feel like walking. You're all fucking crazy, man. They got this new car alarm. I want to tell you about every brother in here, sister, got a nice car. They got this new car alarm to be out in 92, right? If they steal your car, their car alarm will call your house. The shit is real. I said to myself, imagine this, right? Saturday night, about 4 o'clock in the morning, you sleet. It's like, who is it? It's the car, man. It's the car alarm. It's the car alarm. It's the car alarm. Who is it? It's the car, man. Oh, man. They got me dirty and thinking about the radio and they think. All right, all right. Will you at all? I don't know. You better hurry up. Wait a minute. Here they come. I'll call you back. I'm sorry, he's crazy. Crazy shit, man. I was reading article recently. Woman wanted to be made. They want you to make love to him. Good that's all right. Lady, you want to hit that shit? brothers you gotta kick that shit out. Don't give out no weak shit because women will talk. And the ones that clap don't told, this is for my own. You can tell, you can tell and give out some weak shit. If you're not far from your shoes, you'd be like, damn. What about shoes that they write here? Get your sorry ass out of here. Seriously, man. You know what's crazy about women is different from men. Women can have orgasms, right? And it just looks so pretty, man. You ever seen a woman have orgasms? Like, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Don't touch me. Don't touch me. Don't touch me. All right. They ain't no brother in here that can have a smooth orgasm. And since there's no way we be trying our best, right? We be in there to our... No, I'm... Hello, hello. Did we just like get crazy retarded, like... Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! That's it. It's crazy, man. That's it. It's crazy, man. Did you try to have... Do you have a woman? They asked you questions and shit when you have an orgasm. You don't even know the English language. She'd be like, honey, honey, wipe your mouth. Stop making that face. You be like, ah! The bitch! The bitch! The bitch! Crazy shit, man. Shit, it's crazy, man. Before I leave though, I just want to say something. If you got somebody that you care about and they love you and they treat you right, got to hold on to them. Give round applause for that shit, y'all. Right. But it's hard, man. It's hard trying to find somebody to date. It's like I've got this all-a-tie from everything working. It's just crazy. You know what's crazy, right? How many times have you seen someone that you like, right? Somebody introduce you to them, right? You be up there and be like, hey, how you doing? They be like... I'll show you a prime example tonight why this shit never works out, right? Now, say for instance, if I like this lady right here, check it out, right? Nice looking lady. She would not like me. She would like him, right here. She's brother right here, but he would not like your ass. No, because he'd like him right there. My name is Bill Callamy. It's Bill Rail, y'all.
- - - - - - - - - - - Hello. Hey. All right. What's going on, everybody? What's going on? What's going on? Uh, I hope y'all had an easy time getting into this building because I did not. I just had to walk up there. Yeah, I'm shooting the specials. I was excited to walk in and go, and then there was a hold on, hold on, hold on. He said, you, you work in here? I say, I'm doing a little bit of work here. Can I come in, please? Hold on. Let me call it in. That's a curious, serious. It's nice. It's nice. It's just two hours special. They got a girl in the back. She brushed my go-t for me. That was nice. I've done TV before, but nobody ever brushed my go-t. I got a brush. I never even brushed my go-t. It never even occurred to me. I was like, this is really good. I was like, this is a regular comedy gig. I hosted an open mic in my college town. It was poetry, music, comedy, everything. One show I had an ex-girlfriend that showed her to perform at to introduce her to the stage. It was very awkward. Coming to the stage is the cold heart of Bister Broke My Heart. You may know her from that return to my phone calls and also giving out mediocre blow-dots. Make a lot of noise for T.R. Johnson, everybody. I gotta stop saying her real name. I really... I just stop saying her real name. I just say something else. I can still say that I gotta stop saying her real name, joke, and still say a fake name, but I keep saying her real name. A few summers ago, I went on a tour with a bunch of bands. Before the tour started, I wanted to get an idea who I'd be working with so I watched some of these bands on YouTube. And I was watching clips and one of the bands every show to lead would put the microphone in his ass so I was concerned. So that I emailed the promoter, say, hey, man, what's up with this dude putting the microphone in his ass? And he wrote me back and said, don't worry, microphone in the ass guy brings his own microphone. As he should bring his own microphone. But I'm sure it didn't start out like that. Probably just a complaint from other performers. Hey, man, I don't want to be a deep-ready thing, but this guy just wholly asked out the microphone. So is that where to get a spare microphone? Or is there something we could spray on the microphone and make it un-assed? I'm not used to working like this, man. This is not why I got in the music business. They were put on a live show. Every show to lead from the band would take a garbage can full of bar garbage and throw it on the head of his drum. And the drummers just keep drumming with garbage on his body. My favorite show was in Montreal during that somebody else from the crowd took the garbage can, offered a drummers head, put it on his own head. I don't know why he did that because immediately after somebody else from the crowd punched him in his garbage can head and he fell to the ground, bloodied. Now, I tell you what that happened. That's because when you put a garbage can on your head, it limits your peripheral vision about 100%. Leaving you very open to those type of attacks. That's why I never put garbage cans on my head. Because I always need to know what's going on around me. And I can't maintain that level of awareness with a garbage can on my head. I just know myself like that. I felt bad for the guy because it happened so fast. He didn't even get the intro having a garbage can on his head. His two consecutive thoughts were I have a garbage can on my head. Man, I regret putting that garbage can on my head. That was a horrible idea. So I do shows at college sometimes. And when I do a college show, I do an interview with the school paper and a result could be a horrible article. So I want to share with you all this article from a gig I did at Eastern Illinois University in Charleston, Illinois. This is all real and imprint a human being wrote this. And then they sent it to a higher rank in human being in editor. And I personally said, yeah, let's go with that. Quick with it, Burris set for laughs. Comedian helps bring diversity to campus. Wait, wait, wait. I'm responsible for bringing diversity to your campus because you realize the type of diversity I bring is very temporary. Because I'm leaving as soon as I get my check. It sounds sucks. I actually paid before the show. It was a phone interview. And sometimes when I do phone interviews and a journalist is born, I just started saying crazy stuff to make it fun for me and make the most out of my time. And she said, what do you talk about in your comedy? I said, I talk about the streets. And she put that in the paper for real. His performances include comedic jokes. Wait, wait, wait. Comedic jokes. As opposed to all the other types of jokes that are out there. Am I missing out on a jar of jokes? I hate that to be the reason I don't make it big. Yeah, Hannibal Burris could have been huge. But he focused all his energy on comedic jokes. When there was so many other types of jokes out there, he really pinched and hold themselves. And I'm some bitter old man comedians. He's junk comedians. They focus on all types of jokes. That's so tarot jokes. And jokes about hats. We were curious. We only did comedic jokes. These young dudes, man. His performances include comedic jokes related to personal stories. Current events. The streets. You know what? I take the blame, but I said that on the record. I take the blame. His performances, comedic jokes related to personal stories. Current events. The streets. And even food. He said. What? Even food. Who else is talking about food in the comedy game right now? Nobody just Hannibal Burris. That's all. He has coined it that sub-Zekmata. He is the Lenny Bruce of grocery store humor. He is so as you said to Saul, and he was in Dallas, Texas, half the crowd walked out. When he did his new bit about lettuce, it was crazy. He was so as you put that town. Matt Caponera, the University comedy board, is saying Burris is picked because he stood out more than other choices. He stands out like an exclamation point, Caponera said. I don't know if that's weird, a borderline racist. Let's go with weird. It's easy to go, right? Let's go with weird. Because I think it's weird to compare people to punctuation. Now, I think it's more like a semi-colon comedian. Very semi-colon-like in delivery and I ain't pacing. I don't even know how to use a semi-colon to this day. I use a comma every time. And you know what? If I email somebody to get upset about me using a comma instead of a semi-colon, that's not a person I want to work with anyway. And that's how you weed people out of your life. Burris was the most popular comedian in Caponera's price range of $2,000. It was a couple years ago. Two things about that. One, you got to end right, I was, hell yeah. I was ruling that price range in the Midwest two years ago. Two, how tacky is that? Did she go to her additor? Hell when to make this article more tacky? You have any ideas? Well, maybe you can miss the amount of money he's making from the show. To ask nothing to the article at all. Plus, we get the added bonus of putting his business out there and making it harder for him to charge more than that in the future. So, I think if you're going for word count, that's your move. Caponera said he also picked Burris because he is African-American with adding more diversity to the comedic lineup this semester. He's a black comedian so it makes our crowd more diverse and everyone gets what they want, Caponera said. Everyone gets what they want? That's a weird broad thing to say. Even people that didn't attend the show, hey, did you book Hannibal Burris? Yeah, we booked about you coming to the show. Now I'm that coming to the show, but I got what I wanted. Everybody gets what they want when I come to town. Tom or Ralph, Pigs is at an all-time high. Everybody's happy. They go to the local grocery store, just juggling the items. No intention of buying them. Just in the aisles, y'all. Even for him, he's got me to town, y'all. Hell yeah! You think it's going to do the lattice bit? I don't know. I'm not even going to the show. I'm just happy he's here. Two years ago, I got a job right in the Saturday night live. My first week right in the Saturday night live, Megan Fox was the host. And you can meet with the host to talk about your sketch. So a producer comes around and say, hey, do you want Megan Fox to come by your office? Yeah. Yeah, I do. Are you creating a situation where Megan Fox has to talk to me? Hell yeah. So to give you some background on the sketch, I wrote for her. I'm a big fan of scatting and music, not scatting, shit-known people. Gotta be clear for people. Cause I always wonder how scatting started. I picked the two singers in the back of a club, wanna, hey man, did you write your song for tonight? Not only real half of it. What are you gonna do? I think I'm a singing that half and the rest, I'm singing gibberish. You can't sing gibberish, listen man, these people are drunk. We got a band back here with us. If I feel like I sell it, we can just do some rhythmic gibberish. And he goes out there, screaming about, beating about, about, about, about, about. And people go crazy for gibberish. He's walking off stage, all cocky, the other guy's like, whatever, when you write, you write. So I wrote a sketch where Megan Fox was a horror movie villain that killed her victims with scatting. Yeah, it didn't make it to television at all. It didn't deserve to make it to television. But what's cool about SNL is that all the sketches get read through. So Megan Fox had to scat in a room full of people. Just give it a pop up. And I'm like a creep in the corner, hold my script. Like, yes, Megan Fox is reading my words right now. Yeah, Megan Fox is reading the words right now that I wrote. Oh, no, Megan, you messed up a lot. One week there was a monkey written into the opening monologue. And in the day before the show, we got a message saying we had to write new jokes because the monkey isn't available anymore. This makes me pitch a monkey on the phone like, yeah, I don't want to do Saturday night live anymore. I don't like that show. That show sucks. Hasn't been funny since the 70s. Like, damn, that monkey's kind of mean. And he's over-realmanticizing the ballot shearard. That's it was. So there's a dress rehearsal and an air show. And it's more sketches on the dress rehearsal. Whatever it doesn't do well gets cut and then that's the air show. I had a sketch that made it to dress rehearsal. And when you have that, you sit under the bleachers with an audience that's sitting with Lauren Michaels and you watch it on a monitor and he gives you notes. This particular sketch of mine was Biamond Horobly. And during that, I was just practicing acting like my sketch was in Biamond. Hey, chill out, man. It's a slow bill. It's a slow bill, relax. It was a slow bill to nothing. This sketch bombed Horobly. And he usually gives a note that maybe this person should walk in quick. He had nothing to say. It's just, it was quiet. He said, well, that was conceptually adventurous. I like that job though. We had interns to job. You tell them to do stuff and they do it. It's great. You got to be nice to them. Know how this guy facts something. They man facts that for me. Like I gave them another page. Hey, facts something for yourself too. I was leaving work one day. I got on the elevator going down and stopped on three. This man got on and said, thank you. What are you thanking me for? I don't work on the elevator. This ain't mad, man. Why are you talking to me? Why are you thanking me to get on the elevator? What is your life? Like are you not allowed on the elevators? Can maybe you usually push you off the elevator? Get off the elevator, Steve stands for you. It's always been stands. Been on the road, but I was in Scotland for all of August. It was the darkest time of my life. Mostly because they call cookies biscuits. I didn't like that at all. It was an incredible culture shock for me. Tough to adjust. But I tried for a few weeks. So I passed through the chocolate chip biscuits. Let's have biscuits and milk everybody. I love Oreo biscuits. But in the fourth week I couldn't handle it normal. Those are cookies. Those are biscuits. Those are cookies. Cookies are cookies and biscuits are biscuits. You call cookies biscuits. The one you call biscuits. Because I'm not saying scones. I think I was dealing with some other stuff at the time. And I transferred my anger. I was that mad about that. So one night I was out. It was five in the morning. Having some drinks was talking with this girl. I decided to take a swing. I say, how about we go back to my place for some food? Some drinks. Most women would say, yeah, that sounds cool. No, I'm alright. But what she said was, what type of food are we talking about? And what type of drinks are we talking about? And do you expect me to have sex with you? I'll come back to your place. If you come back to my place at five in the morning and eat all my food and drink all my drinks, and you don't want to have sex, then I don't want you in my life at all. What type of person to do something like that? That sounds like something to sociopath or do. Come to your place, eat your food, drink your drinks, leave at 6.30 without fucking like a cold. That's a passive burglary. And as soon as she said that I stood at the clock, this woman was crazy. But I was kind of drunk. So I went, oh, she's kind of quirky. She's kind of quirky and weird. So we talked for a little bit. She said stuff, I say stuff. She said stuff, I say stuff. You know how a conversation works. I think it's going well. I go in for the kiss. She says, what? You think you can just kiss me? Western men and men in general think they're entitled to whatever they want from women. You objectify us. You started going on this weird feminist rant. It's fine if you want to be a feminist, but I think five in the morning after the bar closes, is a weird time to jump on your soapbox. And men just want to fuck. It's five in the morning, everybody wants to. That's why they stayed out till five because it didn't happen at two. So we keep talking for some reason. She wants to know my address. She's showing answers. I tell her the address, then we want to go a little further. She wants to know the address plus the cross street. Then she texted to herself after I tell her, I say, what's wrong? She says, I have to be safe. Three out of ten women that get raped don't report. And I said, one out of one dudes is walking away from this conversation. And she said, what's wrong? I said, you are crazy person. That's what's wrong. And right now it sounds kind of risky to hang out with you. And I didn't notice about myself until today, but I don't hang out with anybody that quotes rapes statistics. There's nobody in my life that does that. That's such a weird straight to have. I'm a black man in Scotland on a work visa. You talking about rape? They can't believe any bullshit you said. I got to go. But super drunk women can't handle the rejects or she was just trying to explain. How do things let me explain? No, you've explained enough with your words. How do I know why I was wrong? You are insane lady. That's what's wrong. How do I just want to educate people? This is a weird ass time for that type of class. How do I know why? Come on. No, go away lady. Give me 30 seconds to explain. No, I don't want to talk with you. How do I walk away from you? Hey lady, you're acting like a rapist right now. I told you I don't want to talk with you because you can go on talking to them. But you are raping my ish on. I feel real threatened. No means no. I feel like her statistic was weird though. Three out of ten women that get raped don't report it. How you finding that out? Out of rapists calling in and saying, hey, hello? Yeah, I raped this girl. I don't think she's going to tell. But I know y'all do stats and stuff. So I want those stats to be accurate. So because I know sometimes crazy women like to have stuff to say in five in the morning. So I just want to make sure they have that and they just talking right when they... I got a jaywalk in ticket in Montreal. I couldn't believe it. I've jaywalked so many times in my life. It's such an easy thing to time out. Is there a car coming? No, let me get across to it. I've done it thousands of times. But this time it was me and this old lady. We were jaywalking together. We wanted to gather like that. But if we were, so what? My business? I just met y'all. So me and this old lady we get across the street did a Montreal cop approach as I speak in in French. That French? I said, hey man, I don't talk like that. That's not how I talk. Can you talk to me how I talk? I probably wasn't the best way to start off by interaction about my kind of native language. But who cares? I take risk in life. And he says, you were jaywalking and I said, sorry about that. And I tried to keep going about my day. Because I thought that's how jaywalking was handled as a crime. You were jaywalking. My bad. We're done here, right? That's it. I acknowledge that our jaywalk, I apologize. Not for the act of jaywalking, but how my jaywalking made you feel. I'm trying to do jaywalking in the future while you're watching. But trust me, do it the rest of my life. It's the best way to go about being a pedestrian. And he says, no, I have to give you a ticket. Give me your ID. I said, you don't understand. I only give people my ID for real stuff. This is not real. This is a fantasy crime that's true and forced to come and dump the fact that the city is having financial problems right now. The city is broke and it puts you out here with a quota. And that's fine. I will donate 60 of your colorful ass dollars to your broke ass city. But let's just do it like that. No paperwork and it's good. Guess what? Two more cops show up. Now we have three Montreal police officers working this high profile jaywalking case. Three cops for me and jaywalking. Fair enough. I decided during the time I was going to talk trash to the cops and it closes to me. Because I don't like him or what he represents. This can't be your childhood dream. When I grow up and we are police officers and when people cross the street illegal we're put to stop to that. Yeah. The world needs me. No, we don't. I hope you hate that party itself. So I kept talking trash to him because I realized he wasn't going to murder me. Which is a good thing to be able to read on the person. Hey, would this person kill me? I just shut up. Because cops have murdered unarmed men all over the country and been found not guilty. Why'd you kill that man? He didn't have any weapons. He was only talking to you. Yeah, he was talking to me, but his teeth look like 32 tiny white guns. So we shot him 32 times in the mouth. That sounds like reason before it's not guilty. What the hell? So I don't like this person at all. So I just want to mess with him and say whatever I could say to mess with him because he's wasting my time. So I said, hey, man, how much money do you make? Yeah, what's his fidgety thing to do? I'm aware. But you know what else is fidgeting? I have three cops working in a J-walking ticket. That's overkill. Only have two legs. That's a cop in a half per leg. That's a waste of city funds. That's what that city is broke now. And he told me how much he made. I don't know why he told me. He didn't have to tell me. And he said, how much do you make? And I told him. And he got upset. And he said, what do you sell drugs? I said, no, no, I don't sell drugs. It's kind of racist. What do you sell cars? Why don't you first two guesses? Ain't this dude is doing something illegal? People love buying supermills from. He's a charismatic guy. He had a hell out of a car. That was the only two jobs on open-size police office. I'm a dumb guy. My worldview is limited. And then I said, hey, man, your colleague here is 50 years old. And he's writing J-walking tickets for a living. Is he considered a failure as a police officer? Because I seem like some stuff that you should be doing. He was a younger guy. He was upset about that. He was trying to hold in and he was upset. But I could tell he was upset because the next thing he said was, oh, you're a cool guy, huh? I said, no, I'm not a cool guy. You're a cool guy. He said, yeah, I'm a cool guy. Just doing cool stuff, trying to be cool. I said, man, cool people never say shit like that. They gave me a $37 ticket for J-walking in a $440-foot-dollar ticket just for being an asshole. That's a must of cost to be an asshole to monitor your police. That's the case you price it out for your next vacation. But don't worry about me. I'm not paying either of them in Canada. It doesn't count to me. It's not real. I'm not paying a Canadian ticket. I get speeding tickets. I got a speeding ticket in Indiana going 80 and a 60 to office. The stop is saying, why are you going so fast? Because this car is awesome. That's why I was going so fast. You should be happy I was only doing 80. This car has 160 on the dash. You should be applauded my restraint right now. I was only doing half. Why was I going so fast? Because life is short and we all going die soon. And I want to minimize the time I spend on Indiana. I'm going to minimize the time I spend on Indiana State Road 37. Stayed in this road sucks. And all because if you saw it get speeded and why it's you speeded, catch up to me. You're a hypocrite. If you're a realick in speedy, you would have kept going to speedy. Let me watch me speedy. The other landing then just shook your head and judged me. Instead, we both was speeding for a moment. The end of the road wasn't any better for it. How you going to say that I can't do what I did when you did the exact same thing that I did just to catch up to me to say, don't do that. When I travel, I get rental cars. I put rims on them. When I bring them out, they go, what's all this? You owe me $1800. That's what all this is. I just hooked this Kia Serenza up. What's crazy with rental cars? Each charge you $9 a gallon if you don't bring back the gas tank full. That's why I make sure the tank is full when I bring it back. But I use up all the windshield wipers fluid. All the windshield wipers fluid is gone. My windshield is so clean and crisp. I use all the transmission fluid. I make so many transmissions to reverse the reverse, the reverse, the part that parked the neutral. Neutral to reverse, reverse, reverse the neutral. Neutral to reverse, reverse the neutral. Neutral to reverse the reverse the D2. I ride around the D2 for a little bit. Because I like how it sounds. It sounds way different than drive. I enjoy that. It's like the sequel to drive. D2 coming soon. That's your D33 day. I have fun with a rent car. Sometimes I leave bloody knives and stuff in the trunk. This is how it hurts people having to the pressure. I don't see anything. You see anything? I had a lot of fun in the city. I'm about to hop on this shuttle bus. I'll see you later. I always get the insurance, but I never wreck the car. That feels like a waste. I want to get my money to work. Next time I get the insurance, I'm hitting six of their causes. I return it. I'm dead. My bad, man. It looks like it hits six of your cause. But don't worry, I got the full coverage. So just email me that paperwork. And I'll sign off on it. I'm about to hop on this shuttle bus. I'll see you all later. Those are two so-so jokes, but I just like saying hop on this shuttle bus. I was at the airport. There was this kid four or five years old. Walking with his mommy, fixed his fingers in the fake gun, and it took a shot at me. Now I'm looking for water. See if there's something on the wall that could have been shooting at. Because I'm in denial. I look back at him. He looks me in my eyes. It takes two more shots. Now I'm hit three times. That was an active aggression. I have to defend myself. I'm a man before anything. I will point blank fake shoot this kid right here. And it's her eighth time. A little kid died. What now? Now what? Well, you look at that, Michael. Throw your kids. It's just like this won't happen in the airport. And everybody's getting fake shot. What's everybody else looking at? It's got nothing to do with you. America Airlines later get down right now. I shoot up a U.A. and your bank-up-ass company. My other airport nemesis is airport security. I don't like them at all. They seem so dedicated to keeping bottle water out of the sky. That's their main thing. It's probably easy to get cocaine on the plane than a bottle of water. Probably the only way you couldn't get cocaine on the plane if they looked at it and say, what is this? Powdered water. No, it's cocaine. Go right ahead and enjoy your flight. Because a terrorist tried to lick with bomb thing. I know nobody could bring liquids on the plane. One person messed it up for everybody. But I feel like that's being reactive instead of proactive. Because terrorists are trying new stuff. So next time it's going to be some type of Snickers bomb. After that happens, you can't bring four-size Snickers on the plane anymore. You're going to bring minutes of Snickers. It's one person messing up for everybody. Now you have security trying to negotiate the Snickers situation. Hey, is it all right if I bring four minutes of Snickers? That's about the same size as the four-size Snickers security. Don't play with me. This is not a game. We are saving the world one Snickers bar of time for your freedom in America. Relax, man. I'm just hungry. Stop yelling at me. You can't bring the bottle water, sir. Why not? It's not bomb water. What if I sift the water and show you that it's not bomb water? Or what if it's siftable bomb water? That's what some thing is siftable bomb water. You being silly right now, man. That's what some thing is bomb water. One day they stopped me for a desert and was screaming but the only screaming thing they rubbed the cloth on my hands and then they went and tested. They came back and said, all right, you good? Okay, cool. Good thing I didn't have bomb juice on my hands. Who's that? Who's got the bomb juice test? What if I did have bomb juice on my hands? What if one of my friends had a hammer before you go to the airport? Do you want to hold a bomb real quick? And I say, you know what I never had a bomb before? I'm open to new experience. Let me... That's pretty cool. Thanks, man. That was real cool. Then I get to the airport, they test my hands. They say, you have bomb juice on your hands. Is there anything you'd like to tell us? Yeah, one of my friends, he got a bunch of bombs and he said, you want to hold a bomb real quick before you go to the airport. And I never held a bomb before, so I thought it'd be something cool to do. I made sure not to bring the bomb with me. I was like, I'm going to hold a bomb for you. I'm going to hold a bomb for you. I'm going to hold a bomb for you. I made sure not to bring the bomb with me because I know y'all hate that. So I want to just hold a bomb real quick. I think you need to chill out and stop being jealous because I got all types of friends. Some of my friends own bombs and let me hold them. You need to open up your social circle and meet some new people. I hate when they try to make conversations with me. Are you going to New York for business or pleasure? I'm going to New York to talk about you in front of strangers. So I got some both. I don't want my glasses in my driver's license. But also one guy goes, can you take your glasses off? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure captain America is still me. Who are you catching like that? Are you seriously finding terrorists that only use glasses as a disguise? And you the TSAs and I cracking those cases? Can you take your glasses off? Damn it, no, how they buy me! 15 years, this disguise was foolproof. I like the simplicity of it. I think I need to take it off. Yeah, dude, it's still me, man. You wouldn't put the shirt on that I had on my license photo also. It's from eight years ago. I don't have that certainty, more. One time I went to the DMV, the woman working at the DMV said, oh wow, you don't turn 29 until you're birthday. You're not going to be a birthday party. You're not going to be a birthday party. You're not going to be a birthday party. You're not going to be a birthday party. So wait, do I kill myself or do you kill yourself? Because we both can't be on this world together. One of us has to go. I'm willing to make the sacrifice just to not be in a place where you are. If this is old in times, you'd be tied to a cinder block and thrown in the ocean. Because I don't have to be a part of it. I'm not going to be a part of it. I'm not going to be a part of it. I'm not going to be a part of it. I'm not going to be a part of it. If this is old in defense, you're not going to be with us if giving away the linemakers the likes if you had, so you call yourself home and the talldoo with jam. But when the wind blow on your head? L superficial cakes, palaces, some more things work out. After a couple oftt ago, I just pulled back and I just told the entertainment I'm not sitting on this plane. He was sad as I got a shit on the plane. And it was acceptable to say, I guess I got a shit on this plane. And it was happy, as yo, I'm shit in the sky. I went through a lot. APPLAUSE That. That pooped joke is for the DVD. That's not going to make celebration at all. I was on a flight from Atlanta back to New York. Former president Jimmy Carter was on the same flight as me. Before the flight took off, he walked through a shook everybody's hand that was on board. Yo, are you running for president of this flight? How you gonna solve everybody wants to meet you? Won't you a one-time president? You a bad at your job. And why are you flying commercial? So many questions for Jimmy Carter. I also shook his hand, because it seemed like the right thing to do. I don't want to mess up his handshake and float. He seemed to be in. Who knows? I don't shake his hand. He goes in the shot, passes out right there on the spot. Now we're super delayed. But I should've just fist bumped him. Because I was sitting in 34D. So by the time he got to meet, that means he had 30 plus rows, a nasty gross shit from around the world on his hands. Who knows the president 1A? He was doing what his hands 1A could've been touching on his travel balls. He had a layover. So we had two way has bomb wad on his hands. Two B has bomb juice on her hands. On and on and on, the 30 plus rows of nasty shit Jimmy Carter had on his hands when he touched my, where's the hands sanitizer Jimmy Carter? Because you do this every flight, and you know it's Jimmy Carter. You should be prepared. He had three secret service agents with them. Why? Nobody's trying to murder Jimmy Carter. Who's blooded out? We have to kill 80 year old former president Jimmy Carter. Like, hey man, why don't we just let time kill Jimmy Carter? Replyed his level, had it co-conspirator. You know why you had the secret service with him? Because if he didn't, honestly, I would've known it was Jimmy Carter. I would've said, who was his old ass man for first class trying to check everybody's hand and where's his hands sanitize? This is what it's disgusting. I hate it. But the girl sitting next to me was so excited to meet Jimmy Carter. And he was like, oh my gosh, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. It's never happens in life. What? You're a lot of stuff never happens in life. But I was gonna make it good because it's happening for the first time. I never been stabbed before if I get stabbed for the first time. Whoa, it was just happening to me right now. Ah! I never been attacked like this when it started webbing, piercing my flesh so violently. I never seen so much blood. Never felt such pain. Thank you for this experience. I feel sleepy on the pain. I like the drink. I only like the drink of people that could hold their liquor. I was out with this girl. I bought some drinks. We go back to my hotel room. She started throwing up the drinks that I bought. All of them in my hotel room. It was very upset. It was like she was throwing up my money on my money. Very upset. So many levels. Really not that many levels. People overused that. It was messed up on so many levels. I was like, oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. It was messed up on so many levels, man. Up real, why don't you name the levels? Level three, matter of physical, I level setup, man. You being dramatic right now. I was at this music festival. I was walking up the stairs to my hotel. There was this man walking down the stairs. This man started throwing up down the stairs. Luckily the vomit missed me. I don't know why I don't have done it. If it hit me, are you supposed to fight somebody if they throw up on you? Hey, man, can throw your body. Can throw your insides. My stage punching is horrible. I do your tax. I put it, give me $40 in your left shoe. That's the vomit tax. You son, drink some water and go to bed. But really upset me is this man was 40 years old at least. And if you 40, I don't think you should be throwing up from alcohol anymore. You should know your limits, man. You have a family in a mortgage. You hit this. You're throwing up from vodka. You should be a champion yourself. So I'm 28. I haven't thrown up from alcohol in seven years because whenever I feel the urge to throw up, I'm able to channel that energy out into, uh, Hadookin' because I'm a goddamn warrior. I'm an urban warrior and I mean, urban, I mean I live in a city not urban to me, black how white people use it. I was at this bar in Minnesota. I saw a bunch of people. They were drinking and they had the same teacher. They were having a pub crawl for cancer. So they was drinking all day to raise money for cancer. So basically getting one disease while fighting another. Next month they having a cocaine, snowed off to raise money for leukemia. All right, let's raise this money for leukemia, man. Yeah? Ah! Yeah, leukemia, yeah. One more level, leukemia. Ah, you'll not take my brother! LAUGHTER Ah! I don't, I don't believe in cancer walks. Well, I believe in them because they exist, but... I rather just give money straight up and save my Saturday afternoon. I can make my aunt's shirt, that's not in the center. Plus, I don't think cancer responds to how far people walk. LAUGHTER I don't think cancer's sitting. How many people walk how far? How many people walk how far? Why in the same shirt? That's crazy. I'm out of here. Remission. LAUGHTER You have money. Whenever people going through a struggle in life to get really clich, they say stuff like, I'm taking it one day at a time. I'm just taking it one day at a time. You know who else is? Everybody, because that's how time works. That's the only way you can take time. When you're doing it a week at a time before, who are you? Who talks you out of do that? Please teach me how to do that. I want to get through this quick or two. I don't like what people say. I'll pray for you. I'm going to pray for you. Pray for you. You're going to pray for me. You're going to sit at home and do nothing. That's what your prayer is. Are you doing nothing while I struggle with a situation? Don't pray for me. Make me a sandwich of something. Because I'm very upset right now and I can't make my own sandwiches. So that'd be cool. If you made me a sandwich instead of praying, it was kind of lazy. Take action. Well, we'll keep hearing our thoughts with the other bullshit in your head now. Keep me out of your thoughts. Because I hear some of the stuff you talk about. And that's a close to what you're thinking about. I don't want to be around at all. So keep me and my family out of your thoughts unless you're thinking about making us sandwiches. I was at a front desk of a hotel and the front desk layed a screaming, oh Jesus! Jesus, oh Jesus! I said, what's wrong? My back, my back has just been killing me for months. So you should try viking it. She said, no, I'm trying Jesus. I said, no, you should try viking. And she said, you should try Jesus. She said, no, my back is great. You should try half Jesus, half viking it. To get that out your back, maybe real viking and placebo Jesus for your back. I don't go to church. Sometimes people be holy ghost and I can't get with that. People, I think the holy ghost is just the reason for people to dance like an asshole sober. Oh, shit, I love it. Hey, for real? Yeah, look at me, I love Jesus. I'm sweating. I'm sweating so much for the Lord. Why are you goofing off like that? I think I'm going to be a little bit more to do. Why are you goofing off like that? I think you're still a good person if you sit down. I think the holy ghost is fake, because people only get in search when they dance around other people that's holy ghost. I was surprised that rapper hasn't took that and made it into a dance already. Do the holy ghost. Do the holy ghost. Do the holy ghost, man. Do the holy ghost. Yeah, I did it. Sit on camera. No rappers can still in front of me. Do the holy ghost. Do the holy ghost. I think the holy ghost is fake. Nobody ever gets the holy ghost anywhere else. Nobody ever gets the holy ghost in armies. Like, what? Bipin' bipin'. Bipin'. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This is liquor that some baron naked chick. That's cool. It's a good bar. Bad strip club. They danced to awful songs on white strip clubs. I wanna see you dance to Marilyn Manson, the dope show. I thought it was chick dancing. She was dancing to Madonna Take-Up. Oh, it's big. Like, why are you dancing to that? Now I'm thinking of the video. It was sad, but the matter deal. He died of something. I'm a dead of some. Why don't you dance to the songs that rappers made specifically for the strip club? Shut that ass while I throw money that I made selling crack, like yo, this is good. This is good music for this environment. I got, I'm a big rap fan. I went to a concert I saw this group, Art Future for Forum. They had some good songs. But the closing, the hook to that closing song was, kill people, burn shit, fuck school. Kill people, burn shit, fuck school. But it doesn't seem like they're getting more reasonable as they go along. I kill people that's murder, that's awful. Burn shit, it depends on what you burn it, right? This is a control fire, go ahead, do your things. Fuck school, that's just truancy. What are you standing on, man? I'm gonna get my ass weak, who has a misclass before. You're gonna get more and more reasonable in a rap. Kill people, burn shit, fuck school. I hate spam, email. That's annoying. You think you gotta email from a friend of this already? It's spam. Stop asking for my emotions. Now, hey, hotel TV's. Why don't we start on the menu channel instead of the channel I was watching already? I've already seen limitless. Why does iTunes keep trying to get me to download a new version? I got a new version a couple days ago and found with this version that plays music. This is rap for young GZ. He has a song where he says, How stupid, dumb big, my rooms got rooms. At night, GZ, those are closets. Those are extra rooms in your rooms. GZ. He'd be the worst real estate agent ever. Right here, we have a 34-bedroom house. Let me show you around a property. Great feature. This place, some of the rooms have extra smaller rooms in them. You have to sleep in these rooms like this. Very unique sleeper situation. Inspired by the Japanese. Let me show you to the bathroom. The bathroom is great. You have a regular size tub. Do we have a minute to tub? Let's sing. I feel like rap affects how I talk to people too much. It's not good. I was talking with my mom on the phone and she was telling me, She had a voice, so I'm watching your niece and nephew for a week. Why your sister is gone? For a week, ma? They watch you for a whole week. I'll be paying you to watch you for a week. That's a long time. You can pay. She said, no, how do I put a grandmother does not get paid to watch her grandkids? I said, y'all, ma, money over everything. That's not helping. So it's all like a drunk and I get an argument with taxi drivers and I get out the cab and I slam the door. That's not the way to win an argument with a taxi driver. The way to win is you get out the cab and you leave the door open. You need to step out, come around and close that door. Why are you doing that? I'm on the other side opening the other doors. And we just keep going around and around and around and around. Like I'm on Benny Hill situation going on in life. Great. I get upset easily, Bob. He was on a phone. He had the phone between his ear and his shoulder like that. But he didn't have anything in his hands. It was just really upset. Who the hell do you think you are? This action just for people that are multitasking. Where's the other task? You're not doing anything, Gels. I was hoping somebody threw a pump in there. The game's still here. You won't believe it. Somebody just threw a pump in there, me man. Yeah, but don't worry. You know what my phone technique is. Yeah, I keep my hands free. You never know. It's going to happen. I had these crazy streets. These streets are so crazy. Why am I still holding this pump in? Hello? I was back home in Chicago in the summer. And I get an email from this nightclub saying, I don't have a team. I just have friends. So I just call up my friend. Hey, man, I know you're my friend, but I need a team right now. I'm putting together a team. So I put together a team. We go to the club after walk-up to this guy. Hey, man, I'm Hannibal Barris. This is my team right here. Then he starts examining my team. And then he goes, you know what? He's like, I'm just going to be a team. I'm going to be a team. I'm going to be a team. I'm going to be a team. I'm going to be a team. Then he starts examining my team. Hey, man, your team is four dudes and one girl. Hey, listen, it was a hastily assembled team. It's not my ideal team makeup, but y'all email me. Let us in. So we get in the club. I'm not a club person. I'm more of a bar, lounge type of person, but I'll go anywhere if you give me a free bottle of alcohol. Most places. Hey, Hannah, we want to hang out in this room for the tarantulas and snakes? Yeah. Is this free licking or a rom? I ain't got it. I'll stop and shit out of tarantulas and I'll have to shit out of a snake and just drink them free drinks. There's nothing. And then we'll go to the other lounge where Sadoel throwing knives at you the whole time. But it's not that stuff. He might nick you at first, but then you get in so rhythm. And you die to drink. Die to drink. Don't be a pussy about it. So we get in the club. It's a weird place. I look around and say, everybody standing on couches doing this shit. I'm like, why is everybody doing that? I love the domes. You standing on the couch with a phone to sit on the couch after you do that. That's brilliant. But it's infectious, three drinks, and I start. And it's funny when you have bottle service in a club like that, with this pretty expensive girls, it's come up to you. Hey, what's going on? What's up? Hey, I'm like, whoa, all this for a bottle of absolute. Wow. You wouldn't act like that about walking with you on the street with a bottle of absolute. Hey, what's going on? Girl, I have this $30 bottle of Mitt Level Walker. I want to drink this straight on the curb with me. I love you. So packed and so packed. This one guy somehow, he was drunk. He knocked all of the liquor and juice off the table. Somehow, he says a kick me in the face. I don't even know how he got that angle. I'm wobbly. And then he even acknowledged that he did any of that. He just kept the move. I'm a view. And that's my least favorite thing about clubs. Even people bump you without saying excuse me. I wish I could fart on every person that does that. But I can't time out my first like that. So I just stood about it. So I was getting late. I just had to walk around the club one more time. And of course, it's crowded. I'm getting pushed. I said, hey, man, you are pushing me right now. He said, I'm sorry. I was just trying to get through. I said, yeah, you can get through without pushing the shit out of me. And he says, relax. I said, no, you relax. Because you are pushing people right now. And he said security. And in two security guards come out of nowhere. It swooped down. They give me out of the club. They take a full drink out of my hands, kind of disappointed. So apparently, that guy was the owner. But if you the owner just announced yourself, hey, man, relax. I own a place. I said, for real. Well, thanks for that absolute. Do I also have a man? I live in New York. There's a lot of dudes in my neighborhood that have hand-dough bar moustaches. With this cool, if you want to have a hand-dough bar moustache, but don't try to have a conversation with me, like you don't have a hand-dough bar moustache, and try to talk about regular stuff, like music and politics, not, dude. If you got a hand-dough bar moustache, I don't want to eat talk about it slinkies and kazoo's. And that's it. Talk about kazoo's for a few minutes. If you go hop on unicycling juggle, you kind of face motherfucker. Yeah. Tackling real issues up here. I'm the Lenny Brulson, Frostree Store, and Moustache Humor. Edgy Moustache Humor, the Hannibal Burris story. My name is Hannibal. That's my real name. I feel like having this name has caused me to miss out on several potential sexual encounters. And what's your name is Hannibal? All right, bye. Since I'm a real dude, that's a movie dude that just doesn't mean I'm a... That's not a film. Every day I had a same conversation with people about my name. Your real name is Hannibal. Yes, my real name is Hannibal. Your parents named you Hannibal. Yeah, my parents named me Hannibal. So Hannibal is on your birth certificate. Yes, Hannibal is on my birth certificate. But why? You just asked me the same question in three different ways. I want to choke that person to see how they handle that. Are you choking me right now? Yeah, I'm choking you right now. Are you using your hands to block force to my neck? Yeah, I'm using my hands to block force to your neck. Are you trying to stop the circulation of blood and oxygen to my brain? So I passed out. That's what you're trying to stop the circulation of blood and oxygen to your brain. So you're passed out. Sometimes when I travel, I go to Facebook and search what Facebook friends I have in that city. And I'll hit them up. And I saw this girl's picture and I said, hey, what's up? I'm doing shows. What are you up to? And then I press send. And I read her profile and they said, brandy, attend and I'll be a high school. I say, oh shit. So I said a second message that, uh oh, hi, hi, never mind. But the way Facebook message and works, if you send a message in a second message before they reply to the first message, it combines those into one message. So it looks like I said, hey, what's up with me, town doing shows. What are you up to? Uh oh, hi, never mind. Like I'm some type of regretful petaphyl as um, what happens is that's not sent to message. So I just sent a third message. I couldn't leave it like that. I said, brandy, Facebook message and combines the message that I'm going to send. Brandy, Facebook message and combines the messages. I sent a message saying, what's up? Then I started to get what's 6, 10. I sent another message that never mind. It combined those into one message, making me look like a regretful petaphyl. This is the third message it is right here. Goodbye for all. Goodbye for two years. Scouting. I'm going to see. This month, I bought the power move on my landlord. I wrote my rent check for once in less than what my rent is. We had to stay down. Yes, once in less. Now what? What now? Front door's messed up. You need to fix that. The room light is all weird. You need to fix all that stuff. Before I got the other tenants for next month's one penny movement, you stand a little bit. You stand a little too to eight cents, depending on participation levels, money over everything. My other name is Sins Life is my teenage cousin. I don't like him at all. I think he's a horrible person. And I hope he doesn't get into college. If one of y'all is whipping his ass right now, I let you give four more hits in before I stop. Hey, hey, hey, hey, get off my cousin, man. You know, he's so stressed about my comedy. Hey, Hannibal. We're watching you stand up on Y'all's top. It wasn't funny, man. So I had to figure out, working on a safe back to the 17-year-old boy that had destroyed him, because I'm not letting this slide on very petty. And I figured it out. And that's a secues him of masturbating, because teenagers can't handle that. Their psychies are weak. I say, what, man, you coming from Jag and all? No, I was a Jag and all Hannibal. Why would you say that? Do not Jag and all, but we'll never Jag and all. Get out of here, Hannibal. Why you want me to get out of here, so you could Jag and all? No! I'm gonna work on me. I'm 28. You say Hannibal, you Jag and all? Yeah. That's how it was, Jag and all. I was Jag and all. So I can have sex for longer later. That's grown man stuff. I'm planning out my life. LAUGHTER Sometimes when I watch porn, I put my hoodie on, so I feel creepier. LAUGHTER Yeah! Sometimes I get under the computer, so it feels like I'm spying on him again. LAUGHTER Everybody needs some masturbation hoodie, in my opinions. Necessary. You have to keep your top warm because your bottom is exposed. Life is all about balance. LAUGHTER Yeah. I like the women that talk about being bad, but not too talkative. I'll explain. LAUGHTER There's one girl, her senses were too long. I feel like the senses are the women should be short. Clips senses, three to five words. Look at my clips, up my hips. You like that? Yeah, I like that. I spank my ass. So it senses this, but she was saying stuff like, what was it about me at the bar that made you want to come up to me and talk to me initially? In my bed? Well, what happened was the girl that I was really going for. She left, so I had a lot of licking. I mean, I wasn't going to give up on the night. But what was it? Why were you so drawn to me? Because I thought you wouldn't do this shit right here. She just kept talking. How about let's build something special, let's build something special. I want you to fuck me all night. You're going to fuck me all night. Nah, not at all. How long are you going to fuck me between 17 and 21 minutes? Well, she talked so much. It was horrible the first time ever came fast out of spite. Like, I got to come and go to bed and sleep off your personality. You put me in a funny mental place. I probably have a weird dream, because of you. LAUGHTER I mean, it's amazing. I met this one girl that borrowers three in the morning. We asked some drinks, go back to her place, four in the morning. We get there. She says, all right, don't try to hook up with me. Don't try to hook up. You just brought me a stranger back to your place that four in the morning. What's your motivation? Because you couldn't possibly think I want to talk with you this long. And she said, I would like to hook up. But I recently had an abortion. I said, well, do you want to have another one? I just say that. I would never say something like that. I was out. Fixed in face. Don't look at me like that. I would say that. Why would she tell me that, though? You know, I don't deserve that information from you. You just met me. Where are your boundaries? You are oversharing right now. You know, I am. I got good buddies that don't even know how many siblings I have. And you tell me this, an hour in, whatever girl is going to be all right. You just take it one day at a time. And I will pray for you. And keep you in my thoughts. People went crazy for Black Friday. It was weird. And people camp out for the deals. Yeah, you got to deal. But you camped out. That negates the deal. I rather pay poor price and sleep in my bed. Yeah, I don't want to buy gifts for people. I'm fine with buying gifts for people. But it's just the time. I wish I could just give people the amount of money that correlates that much. I love them. I love you. It's $500. You are here. It's $37. I hate you. Give me $50. I lost my debit card recently. I had five charges on before I called it. First charge. $30. Chucky cheese. Who goes to Chucky cheese? As soon as they found a debit card. Are you serious? Have you found this debit card? Who's on for some horrible piece and whack them all? Let's go right now. Who's on from Flat Pemps in your air hockey? Let's get it while we can. Time is up the S. This is about to cancel this, y'all. First charge, Chucky cheese. Second charge, $170. A target, $330. That wall, my fourth charge, $18 on gas. Fifth charge. Chucky cheese again. What type of monster are you? You having a fun the first time? My card can still be bought nine-year-old. It's about some horrible, broke father. You can find the tickets, kids. I will. My money. I hope they had a horrible time on the second out. I hope the piece of made his family sick. And I hope his kids never learn to read. Then another time, my card, if I'll got stolen. Somebody has charged up crazy stuff in California. I live in New York. Two separate $400 charges that Barnes and Noble. Who balls out of control that Barnes and Noble? Because I've been more than 80 bucks there. And I hate these are fraud prevents from that. No, I'm not the type of guy that spent $800 and 30 minutes on books. You don't want to call me and check that one out? Oh, we thought maybe you went on a knowledge bench. Nah. Nah, I didn't go on a knowledge bench. That wasn't me. Why didn't you call me? You know what your whole heart that wasn't me. I really wish you would have called me. Sometimes you called me for some of the silliest stuff. Hey, Mr. Burris, fraud preventers is doing the courage. You call 100 verifiers, $3 charge on bread. Two blocks away from your house. Yeah, that was me spending $3 on bread. Two blocks away from my house. But that was a me spending $800 on books across the fucking country. And the $600 charge that bad bad to beyond. So I know I was dealing with a woman that loofabind, how many body watch did she need? Hope that she's gave a family bed bugs. And I also, my kids never learned to read. Never kids already know how to read. I hope they forget how to read. Then they can get uses out of $800 worth of books. And I know some of y'all tired of when I called that woman a cop. But somebody's still more than $1,000 from me. I call them what the fuck I want. But I can't front though. When I was 13, I found a credit card in the ATM. When straight to choice, I rushed to rank up a PlayStation. Me, 13-O Black, who would have credit cards. The name on it is John Hammersmith. And with full confidence, I walk over Mr. Hammersmith's card. They look at it. Yeah, that's my card. It's my stepdad's card. John Hammersmith, I'm authorized. Can you stay right here? Nah. That's staying right here. That sounds kind of set up. How about we just go our separate ways? Forever. Yeah, we just go our separate ways. Forever. So I've gained weight on fast, yeah. People love to tell you where you gain weight. They give you no advice after it. Hey, you got fat. All right. See you later. That's it. I picked up a man's health magazine. I only picked up one. Don't need to subscribe. It's the same magazine every month. Give rock hard apps. Check out these shirts. Here's some stuff to say to fuck girls. Every issue. Six pack apps. Ten pack apps. Twelve pack. What if I want an odd number of apps? What if I want a five pack to show people I'm still humble? Yeah, what a handle do to isolate that flap right there, man? He has five monsters and one piece of flap right there. How much does this dude hate symmetry? The weirdest people in my life talk to me about my weight. My grandmother. How do you gain weight? What does this mean, grandma? We can't fuck anymore. Hey, why are you talking to me about my weight? You're my grandmother. How do you gain weight? Your teeth are really sagging, grandma. Why are we talking about it's other bodies right now? I don't know what some other base was. I was just being defensive. I do it at restaurants. Whenever I eat at a restaurant, I never put the napkin in my lap. I never put the napkin in my lap. People say, how do I put the napkin in your lap? Because I believe in myself. I believe in myself. I believe in my ability to not spill food in my pants, because I'm a goddamn adult. And I've mastered the art of getting food from my plates, and my mouth without messing up my jeans, either believing in yourself too, and get your life together. That's for babies. Have some confidence in your eating abilities, and hand eye coordination. Believe in yourself. Believe in yourself. Like one of those weird ass clothing stores that only have six shirts in them. So many questions. How much do these shirts cost? How long have y'all been here? Why is there a DJ? A little bit of store. Ain't cannot check on this shirt. Now I'm spending right now. My judgment gets messed up more by food and juice than it does by drugs. I have two examples of this. I'm waiting at the airport. I bought a McRiddle, bacon egg and cheese. I go to the airport, stop the security. Go get a newspaper. I get to my gate. The McRiddle is gone. Very upset. I go back to what I bought the news paper from. Excuse me. I found a bacon egg and cheese. McRiddle is very important to me. It had a hash brown with it if you need clothes. They said, no, I walked back to my gate and defeated the American Airlines. They said, it's your name, Hannibal Burst. Yeah, it is. I write my name on the McRiddle with something. She says, no, you dropped your passport here. But I didn't realize I dropped my passport because I was so busy trying to recover a bacon egg and cheese. McRiddle, I didn't care about international travel with whatever. Going to other countries is overrated. Where's the one finding McRiddle? Those are scarce. I love apple juices. My favorite of the juices. One day, me and my girlfriend go to the grocery store, my express press natural apple juice $1.79 for a half gallon. That's a great sale. We get eight bottles. Eight bottles is all we have on the belt. In front of us is the old man looking back, and he's shaking his head. No, no. What's wrong? Oh, man, you mad. Because we have all this apple juice. You can go get some too. So for that now, for, but if not, stop judging us. Hell yeah, we are hoarding apple juice, taking advantage of this sale. Before this store realized what a horrible mistake they may. And you know what? We're back here happy with the apple juice. You're up there lonely with the chili and your beans. You lonely, chilling your beans. You know, man. But it took me a minute to realize he wasn't shaking his head because of the apple juice. He was shaking his head because my girlfriend was white. And he didn't agree with that. But I was so caught up in it you for if having all that apple juice. That for a minute, I lived in this world where racism didn't exist. There was obvious that his old man is just an apple juice, hey, though. And he's just mad because he can't get all the apple juice that I'm getting right now. Hey, thanks a lot, y'all. I appreciate you all coming. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you Thank you very much Thank you What's going on? Good and see everybody out here tonight Hey, I haven't seen everybody be comfortable and relax. Oh my gosh good to be back in Austin, Texas It's good to know that plaid is back in Most of the news I meet around these parts are dressed like a dyke in New York. So I'm glad to see you Man fucking Texas just places. It's pretty good Pretty damn good You know I was in Santa Fe the other night a month. I got through banana peel at me Yeah, that didn't feel so good of course it was a white person Not to indict the whites I'm just saying and then not only did you throw banana peel at me, but It was premeditated you can tell You can tell the peel was too brown you know what I mean? It was like he didn't eat that banana recently motherfucker. You had that shit waiting on me And the whole crowd was white so the whole is just got instantly creepy and everyone was look like they were looking at 12 years of slave or something Who fuck does that and then they arrested the guy which I said someone was gonna fucking the button the whole thing sell you know that right Can't just be throwing banana peels a day's belly. They're not gonna let you get away with this When the press called me up like do you have a statement a statement? Well fucking banana peel now I don't have anything to say I Was like fucking famous for throwing a banana peel at me 20 years from now he's gonna be tucking his kids in the bed and keep him like dad to him about the day that she threw that banana peel to that Nigger and Santa Fe Well, I'll tell you what that black motherfucker Sons name a bone marquee about a week before I said man if I could just get close enough to meet him I Thought banana all that nigger show high Fucking banana gate I didn't even like I didn't even want to press charges you know this has happened to me before No, sir is not not a banana. I live I live in Ohio, right? So this like like a few winners ago. Oh, I don't know you would ever clap for that. Well, all right That's the first time that she's ever having oh, I know Anyway, I live amongst the whites Small town in Ohio and it was wintertime and it snowed recently so a huge snow's risk on street I was walking on my sister now my sister was dressed in all Muslim garb as were her children and I was dressed as Dave She pal and We were walking and just talking about something and a car sped around the corner and the window came down and somebody threw a snow ball and hit me right in my shoulder I didn't know what was going on why was this happening because I am black because she's Muslim because I'm Dave She pal I couldn't tell but again I Know it's premeditated Because who the fuck has a snowball and a warm car Play through lady because he went around the corner and got stopped at a red light just caught in a traffic So now ran out into the street and I just tapped on this window Hey, my man, can I just talk to you guys for a second? Come on out for a second. I just want to talk to you It's for young white dudes in the car. They're like just chill bro. It's relax. I Just want to talk now. This is an old black trick. Really. I didn't want to talk. I was gonna fuck them up so If you ever caught in traffic and a black guy started saying he just want to talk to you don't open the door lick and even at least me smiling at you And they were like chill bro just chill and and then the one guy in the backseat I don't know what he was just cockier than his friends. He was like fuck it man I'll get out the car and I started yanking on this door. Let me help you motherfucker. Let me just help you out And I didn't know his window was down and he threw a snowball that shit me right my chest Bile, you said fuck you you fucking nigger and then the light turned green and they sped off And I smiled from you to ear I looked at my sister and she said I got the plates And I was happy in shit because throwing a snowball in a monkbucker is a misdemeanor assault But if you call him a knife And me my sister dance and we go send this motherfucker to jail Now I didn't notice it, but while I was yelling them a crowd of all white people at Ford because it was an all-white town And I was like, oh, I thought it's gonna get jumped and one of them white guy stepped in was like I Didn't like that at all This is not what this town represents. I don't know what this god damn stuff in my vicinity And another white guy was like yeah, I didn't like it either And then old white guy stepped out of the crab and said young man if you're going to fill out a police report I would like to come with you and do the same. I said you guys would do that for me and hope crafts and hooray I said come on y'all I don't like Malcolm X gonna see brother Johnson with a trail white people I'm real All of it was all of a sudden in a police station and police came in and like well, Mr. Chappelle 16 identical police reports We ran the tags two young men that had their mother's car We have all four suspects and holding their mother is here It's up to you Whatever you want to do if you want to press charges will move forward Sorry about that officer. I'm a little flustered. I've never been in a Position where I could decide the fate of white children before but It's weighing heavy on me sir And I really can't decide And I saw a lady pacing back and forth in the hallway and I said is that because yes, that's their mother What can I speak to her before I make a decision? When a mom came in she saw it was me She busted out crying. Oh god. Oh, no. I don't want him to go to jail. I am so sorry. I didn't raise him to do this We love your comedy. We love you at the house. I said miss please just All right, look. I don't necessarily want your son to go to jail either But what he did was pretty was pretty fucked up So Is there something we can do short of jail just to let them know that he's wrong? I don't know. I don't know what you have in mind miss. I've never been in this position before Oh, you know what we could do I don't know It was masking too much, but maybe if you if you could just Suck my dick a little bit I'm not gonna finish. I just want you to do it enough so that I can tell him you did it I Can't I wouldn't do that to anybody's mother Maybe my kids mom, but that's it Ebola was in Texas. Ebola made a visit Kill that man in Dallas five days that man melted to death What happened to the brother in Dallas? Where was the secret serum is what we all said? I remember in the beginning of Ebola There were two American doctors that got sick in Africa They flew them in a private jet straight to Atlanta to the CDC. I didn't even know CDC saw patients There was said they administered with the New York Times called a secret serum I don't know what's in it. It's just like Colonel Sanders recipe But both of these motherfuckers survived these doctors thank God are healthy. They are out there somewhere tonight at Whole Foods touching vegetables walking around It is okay Hey Frank how are you? Oh, you didn't hear my head of bowl last week, but uh You're doing all right now. I was I was bleeding out of my eyes and anus so I got concerned, but I'm okay What happened to the brother in Dallas They just rub some vixen at me I know it wasn't gonna make it I already know Sad I saw in the New York Times that they said Ebola is the new aids And that's something here. I am thinking the old aids was working just fine And They already have a new aids that they're not amazing how they do that and it weird how there's a disease It just starts in 1980 and it doesn't kill anybody but niggas fags and junkies in that uh a fucking amazing coincidence that this disease hates everybody that old white people hate I think either God is white or the government hid that shit in disco balls Only fun people get aids Last month on the front of New York Times the measles was a headline I had to check the date of the paper. I was like measles. What is this 1850 with the fuck is this Why is measles in the news Turns out they were trying to decide if mandatory vaccinations for children is the way we all want to go any thoughts I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen. I just uh I don't know I don't know about this one. It was first of all black people did generally don't trust doctors You know after the Tuskegee experiments and all that shit More importantly don't forget Michael Jackson was killed by a doctor Granted he was doing drugs, but the vows are her own addict and I had a licensed physician and jack can heroin in me. I should survive that I just be looking like oh, I'm good, right? I'm good. It's not too much as it I Dr. Butterfingers killed Michael Jackson after that. I was like fuck going to the doctor So fucking my kid my kids vaccinated for old ass disease like measles. This is ridiculous You might as well give him a diarrhea shot if you're so worried Diarrhea has a bigger body count than the measles do You know diarrhea is funny today, but A hundred years ago if your ass had diarrhea you are a goner There was like a zero chance of survival You get that first word uh That's our get my affairs in order I don't have much time this diarrhea. It's very serious You just watch your buddy slowly die in a pool of his own shit I give up diarrhea Nowadays your buddy just like we got diarrhea just eat a banana and drink some water. Let's get to the club You still make last call Tough time for the blacks These are not good times for the blacks. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about right Police are killing us again Very unfortunate set of circumstances because we were doing very well You know America has a racial hot seat. I think we can all agree that that's the truth And we can also agree that that hot seat is traditionally occupied by African Americans in general African-American men in particular Although I can see that in recent years that seat has been occupied by by Mexicans And I dare say Arabs And we the black Americans would like to thank you both for your sacrifice and your struggle We needed a break We needed a goddamn break We all go through something, but at least I can leave my backpack someplace If you Arab and forget to backpack you got about 20 minutes For they send that robot to blow your shit up Now isis number one on the terrorist charts And isis is fucking scary because if isis catches you they're going to cut your head off That's what they do. I've seen them do it on YouTube It was fucking off. He looked right and came and say I saw this and I said oh my god Don't like Houses got cutting people's heads off on YouTube. I can't even post a big pic and this motherfucker is to capitating people You're gonna have to change my settings You know everyone has it hard, but I think Harder than black people and harder than Arabs and harder Mexicans knew has it the worst fat black people It's hard for white people to understand, but that's what I'm saying is very true Fat black people have a really rough road because all manner of things kill white people But you know what kills more black people than anything one police and terrorism salt mega regular Here white people are getting the bowl of curers and shit and meanwhile I'm dying from fucking the flavoring Look honestly, let me I'll stop talking about let me say this stuff. Let me just say this Can we all can we all just say that we've seen it coming? Will you surprise? It's like when I got through that banana at me. Do you think I was surprised hell no I've been in show business 30 years. I was expecting this banana. I Mean one of these nights is like somebody got no banana me one of these nights. I guess Cuz that's how it starts with the name calling Like that Paula Dean remember Paula Dean got fired from the food network If you know anything about show business, it is really hard to get fired from the fucking food network And they dropped that bitch like a hot potato All because she called somebody an n-word 30 years before she had a show I don't know who she said it to but whoever was just looking at her life. I'm against you for this bitch As she came back 30 years later like a bill calls be rate and suck a ban on shit And Everybody person was mad, but we want like that man. I was just like well How's this bitch gonna call me a nigga when she taught me how to fry chicken. That's not fair I think Donald sterling shit was more serious Remember Donald sterling he used to own the clippers and that he got caught on a secretly recorded tape saying some very Unsavery things about African Americans and there's a lesson in that for all of us The lesson is if you are old and white and racist in this great country whatever you do Don't Tell your black girlfriend about that shit because That's who made the tape She recorded all that shit and the tape was terrible. He was like stop bringing these black guys to my games First we're all confused like well how the fuck you gonna have a game without us But it turned out that the black guy he was speaking of was none other than magic Johnson The billionaire Unbelievable never even mentioned the fact that he had aids which is Sky must be really racist if aids is the footnote Well, yeah, be careful baby. He got the old Ebola You can say what you want about that girl, but I'm gonna tell you right now. She is a god damned hero As you might have thought these things were happening before but now you can see it all in front of you without a shadow of doubt That should actually went down She sucked that old guy's dick She really took one for the team on that one That's really gross this dick is like 80 years old It's like tasting history Like five wars on it civil rights movement great depression This guy's been fucking from 40 years before Bill Cosby's first rate. It's a very old man Very old piece But all that shit is still it's just name calling it like name calling does not break the modern black man That's not gonna do the trick. I'm gonna fuck about that like if I went to Kentucky fry chicken Ku Klux Klan Hood on top of their head. What do you think I'm gonna do in this day and age right now? I can take a fried chicken Not if I'm hungry I'll go straight to the front. Amen. Let me get two piece. I Don't give a fuck what he says. He won a bestie with that nigger. I Thought it came with the best was all this attitude I wanted two piece chop chop you know what it is But I'm not gonna be mad. Why would I be mad? He's one that's got a working Kentucky fried chicken that me Well, how about this what if I what if I lived in Austin and I had a white girlfriend It's possible in Austin as a matter of fact some people say it's necessary, but that's it not I Am in my white girlfriend at home one night and we're just doing what levels do maybe she's butt naked and she's down one knee Give me a hand chop. I love a good hand chop and she's really jerking me off, you know Skinner obliques nice and tight. I got a huge dick. So she's like hmm And I'm like wow, it really feels wonderful. I think I'm gonna come Nigger I know that's a tough one Well, what do you think I'm gonna do hey That's no time for integrity ladies and gentlemen. I'm bustling that in our face I saw through the ethics later But I want to call the man of his word if I say I'm coming. Oh, I'm coming I'm gonna fuck what happens got for being somebody could shoot me if I say I'm coming and still that That mean I like it and shot Boy, yeah tough time for the blacks I'm not gonna say nothing about the police. I'll leave that for Chris rock The other big sports story was fucking Ray Rice's tape you want to see that Ray Rice state? I can't stop watching I It's fucking off. That's the most violent thing I've seen happen to a woman that was shot in color Really fucking bad like if I got a froze time at that moment and gave Ray Rice some advice. I don't think there's any way possible I'd be like You should punch her in the face It's fucking terrible. I did And same time I also believe she shouldn't have rushed him Uh, what the fuck was he like? You can't beat him. It's don't rush him on the fucking it's trained to step on people in the clutch He's gonna get the upper hand All the reason I bring him up is because you know, he's about to play football again You didn't know that the NFL Was told by a federal judge they had to reinstate Ray Rice because he was transparent with the environment investigation he told them exactly what he did and they can't just change your rent That's like if I'm hanging out my buddies and I'm like hey guys, guess what I did last night I fucked this big fat girl I went into club and they're all like oh shit. They just crazy And then they see a tape of me doing it and they're like We can't hang out with you anymore That's not what this crew was all about I'd be like what I told you I would have did Was really fucked up as the tape was made before they were married And that weird I don't know why she do that. I don't even know why he would do that As a guy because you want to live with a woman that you had once punched in the face with all your strength That's a very bold color purple type shit Sealed come out here and shave me You're fucking mind I had to ask the older friend of mine just to get some perspectives older black dude Actually the fairest person I've ever met and I asked him I just I just said hey man Did you see that ray rights video and instantly he was like david that shit was disgusting? I wonder what she said I don't think that matters I think the idea is you're not supposed to punch her in the face My wife says terrible shit to me my wife What's called me a pussy In front of dinner guests I know I started to get mad, but then I was like Fudge is probably right I am a pussy I admit it I'm soft and warm and persuasive like a real pussy All right And And then I told I said and if you don't take candy properly, I might stink like your pussy Always fight dirty the spell house holes not a big deal No, no, no, if you want to get to the bottom of a matter of the heart What you supposed to do is ask a woman now actually there's two women that I know that both counts professors in this little area I live in and I meet them twice a week at Starbucks for coffee talk about important shit And I asked the girls who's ray rights after he punched her in the face with all the strength And one of my girlfriends said david you need to wake the fuck up She's staying for the money Well, no wait a minute because my other girlfriend was like I disagree I think that she actually loves him And I said wait and a lady's you know what I think that you're both right And what I was doing when I said that was preserving the possibility of a threesome with these bitches I've been shipping away this pussy one cup of coffee to time for like four years I was gonna throw all that hard work away with some ray-race shit I can't eat much Just being real Fucked up man, it's tough time for the blacks I love you too And then here comes the banana peel I'm waiting on it in this second You know that's how it starts I saw in the paper today I saw in the paper today that the guy that do the banana at me got arrested again Because he threw a banana at another motherfucker in the bar and saying the fact look at up online after the show He actually did that and that guy was black too. What a guy said he did it at night He said I did it because Dave should peel his racist. So think that's not the best way to handle that if I am racist What if Martin Luther King just went around throwing two of the cast role on white people with that with that work? Huh I seen your girl bubbling she's drunk as hell buddy Listen sir, I don't know what she's saying but just take my advice get some water in her or you're gonna have some dry pussy when you get home This is definitely shaped the fuck up tomorrow Santa Maria who got a cigarette in here anyone got a cigarette on the bar Yeah, you you fell out. Yeah, please Oh Let me see this is a Mara Burrow menthol. Let's get them in anybody It was a new port I'd be like a black dude through that but a Mara Burrow menthol that's one of the riddles Is the word pussy offensive? All right All right, just checking just checking Ask that crowd when we was in Denver. I said is the word people One was a woman in the front older than me maybe around my age Definitely a feminist you know, I mean short haircut plaid shirt, you know what I'm saying And she didn't say a defender what she said as she said I'm uncomfortable with that word And I was like really you And then before I could ask a why there was one other guy he was in the balcony now I don't think he was saying this to me, but he said this everybody heard me say he goes It's delicious I don't think I've ever heard pussy called delicious before my life now. This is not to say this bad But it's definitely an acquired taste I don't think any of us tasted pussy our first time I It needs something You know it's illegal for a gynecologist to say the word pussy They can only say vagina or they can name individual parts medically, but they can never say shorthand even if the gynecologist is a woman I don't think men should be allowed to be gynecologists That shit is a conflict of interest Even when my wife was pregnant we used to go to gynecologists And he put her legs up and then stir up like this he'd be like all right mr. Pell just try to relax I have pushed back on the fuck I got this just tell me what to look for When those homestow checkups There's too many ethical questions when men do that like can a gynecologist lose their license For smelling their fingers during exams that is that illegal How could they not these admit It's like if you have a good barbecue you don't even think about it you just The word pussy is only offensive if you're older People my age and younger. I don't think we even we dance to that shit That song coming to radio is the eye beat the pussy up. That's our song It's like nothing like a love song. There's no tracks of his tears. No midnight trains of Georgia. This man simply beats the pussy up Unbelievable You don't even know if he's having sex with these women they might just pull their pants down. He'd be like Ah Like you'll be watching HBO hi. I'm Larry Merchant standing here rings side with the pussy after devastating about with 50 cent Pussing come here and let me talk to you for a second my god. You look terrible You lips seem to be swollen you bleeding a little bit tell me pussy with what happened inside of that ring with 50 I don't know there. I felt really good in the first round. I was ready to fight It's warm and moist and um I don't know if it's just him and from angles. I wasn't expecting the front left Backside surprise me the most Well, pussy. Let's take a look at round four. This is where it all went wrong for you Here you come out of your corner pussy if I'm really good looks like you got 50 with a right my left But then 50 slips your jab in there there right there. You see that you punches you right on that um The little bean thing you have on top of your head. I don't know what that is There's 50 just pounding away with that bean over and over and that button gets rattled around like that I don't think I was thinking anything Larry. You know, I'm a real good defensive fighter. It's real hard to get to me Uh, I've never been punched directly on my bean before As a matter of fact most fighters don't even know that bean exists I Guess you just hit me then I lost control my legs. I don't know what else to tell you I like when little Wayne talks about pussy Little Wayne, little Wayne's had that song he's saying I got a bitch a place movies and magic cosy for me goes like this Puzzle choosy I Actually, I always makes me laugh because it never no guy says they don't know only little Wayne thinks what you're like that If you was fucking a girl she's like it's just pussy good. That's juicy. It's good That's why I'm that little Wayne because if I was in the hot tub with a girl and I could tell That the pussy was juicy Why I was in the hot tub I'd probably get out of the tub I'm a germafold I just patient little Wayne night What is this strange oil Foting in my hot tub water juice As she was so funny to me I must have wrote like no less than 40 jokes with the punch and I have pussy juice And all of them work to some degree a hundred percent of the time I'll do one more just see believe me okay All right, and this next piece This is a special episode of CSI Some reason little Wayne's guest time as the lead detective, okay, that's a setup are you ready? There it goes Has anyone else been on this crap scene? No It's very strange This place is virtually underster no forced entry No sign of a struggle Shire your flesh I already had a stick on something what is this What is this it glistens in the light Smooth to the touch Pussy juice She mustn't sit ambiance style 39 more at a paper I Everybody's mad about something Recently I got a techno line by some gay bloggers and it hurt my feelings I have no problem with gay people I but I fucking hate bloggers Not saying because his person's gay there was acting like a bitch on the line He was like mischaracterizing my jokes trying to make a point off of me when it's really it's like, you know I'm your ally mother fuck. I'm not trying to stop gay people like I better shit to do this mother fuck With saying things to try to get gay people to beat me up Seriously, he was like Dave Shepelle's jokes. I don't know how he actually talks to him is making this voice up They They was shepelle's jokes We're in a front to the manhood of all gay men What the fuck does that mean? I don't say anything that would allude the gay men not being men. I know you men In fact what could be manlier than Fucking another guy in the ass Still most gangster shit I've ever heard of in my life I'm told you I'm not cut out for that. I'm a pussy. What I said is all I said first of all I'll tell you right now what I said and I will tell you that this was not a joke. It's a true story And I just happened to tell it all right what happened was I went to a gallery party all right I don't know who in here's ever been rich before but these are very nice parties Uh, you know whining cheese and ball of conversation And There was a few eccentric types one of which was a very wealthy man that happened to be wearing a dress I don't know what you call mail. He was a tranny or drag queen perhaps whatever was this is definitely a man And this man was definitely on drugs. I don't know what kind of drugs is on but I knew he had too much You know a good It's like this. He's like, ah, he looks sick and all his friends were standing around him concerned trying to revive him I don't know whether he's looked like some kind of gay CPR. He's fanning and shit I saw all this from a distance now I shouldn't mind him on business, but I got curious. I was like And I went over there all I said I said excuse me gentlemen gentlemen It's he okay and then they looked at me like I was evil She is fine I Know this is what we were doing Here's my thing I would support anybody's right to be whoever they feel like they are inside. I mean ally in that however My question is To what degree do I have to participate in your self-image? Is it fair that I have to change my whole pronoun game up for this motherfucker that didn't make sense? Seriously If I put on an argol sweater and I'm like hey everybody I feel like a white guy in the sweater and I want some goddamn respect in the bank loan That's not gonna work You're a fucker. I feel why don't you say I give a fuck how you feel nigger as a pronoun Well There was no time for Phil Sauer to bake this was an emergency situation. I said fine. Sorry guys. I was just worried because Because she looks terrible She just fell off the bench Peers that her dick is popping out of her dress Might have a call ambulance champ. I'd rather that be a party where a tranny O.D. This is too many questions to answer You Okay, I've been through this before I had a friend from high school now in high school This guy was a thug wheel right who's a fucking dope boy. He did it all. He's a wild dude He'd be very scared of him and then after high school Word on the street was he'd come out the closet. I personally didn't believe it I bring him up because last year He calls me out of the blue like yo, what's up, man? I got your number from so and so and I heard you gonna be in New York doing a show Because I get some tickets. I was like fuck yeah, I get some tickets man. How you been you said well we'll catch up at the show man But yo, I'm a appreciate. I'll see you soon. I said all right man. Take care And I was about to hang up and I couldn't resist. I was just like Ain't they got hurt. She was gay. What's going on with that And I wish I didn't ask Because he sounded like he was dying to talk about that shit and he had a long story about it And it's not that I didn't care but I was you know, I don't like talking on the phone. I was watching tv at the same time So I just wasn't really paying attention like I should but I was trying to sound supportive I didn't really know what to say. So I just like mumbling shit throughout this conversation You know, nigga you gay man. You just gay This went on for a while and then finally I had to say something like definitive to get them off the phone and I was like hey man You know what don't let people get you down all right and the next time someone tries to make it feel bad about yourself Just remember everybody fucks funny to somebody He didn't like that shit He's like what the fuck is that mean I said huh He's saying I fuck funny motherfucker. I said no, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying everybody's different He said you ain't say different Nick you say it's you say if funny We're so fucking funny about the way I fuck and I said amen I fuck feet. He said what Oh, this is not a joke ladies and gentlemen I get women to squeeze their feet together like this and I fuck them right in that little space in their feet You But you can't build a community behind that shit There's no flag for us That shit made him laugh the next day After the show I saw him backstage. He was like, oh, what's up man? Like oh shit was going on And he had his buddy with him and goes day one was she meet man well man Well's my fiance when New York getting married because it's legal here. I said oh oh well That's yes, and he went to go get some drinks and then my buddy looked at me. He was like so Dave What do you think And I thought a mumble again See him a little nervous about getting married man it's a big step. Yeah, it is big step So you've been married for a while you got any advice for us No, I'm married to a woman. Sorry about that And they corrected me he said no you married the person that you love So it's essentially the same I said you know man The problem with that statement is that it makes the assumption that I love them but You guys lighten the fuck up of course I love my wife She laughs at this shit as a matter of fact she eats and spends this shit No, I told him I told him I said you know what you should do man first of all you should you shouldn't do it Uh, I'm talking about being legally married. It's not that your gay as much as just legal marriages is fucking diabolical leverage game in the United States I'm just being honest the void of religious significance or the idea of love marriages nothing but an awful contract that you shouldn't sign Is being real Because you start out loving each other and then like two years later you just build the case against one another For a hypothetical court date that may or may not ever happen You You know being gay on top of that that shit is explosive Like said ray right shit. Okay right after ray rights went through all that shit I was at a party and I met this kid Michael Sam's you know Michael Sam's very nice guy He's the first openly gay NFL player and Mike is very nice guy Very brave guy, but when I met him I couldn't help but thinking his wife up in the elevator Is that domestic violence? Was that just two niggas working shit out in the elevator? I Anyway, I Give all married men the same advice gay or straight get a dog This dog will love you all the time, but she's not going to I Was real talk I'm I didn't even I didn't even know about dogs and my kids got the dog They brought him home from the shelter. I didn't even wonder they're like can we keep him? I said nope I said we didn't even get this dog they're like we got him from the shelter. I was like, yeah Probably something wrong with him Can't keep him and then my kids started crying and screaming like the dog had gambling debts. Please dad if you don't let us keep him That's gonna kill him All right, you can keep him and his dog was a minis I hated his guts Then why not add smoke to much a weed and I was eating the sandwich and Bob I came up Bob I was a dog who came up and was staring at me. This will make you very uncomfortable. We're just looking at you I had to give him a piece of my sandwich so he go away and that's how we became friends Now if you see me walking down the street with Bob I I ain't got no leash or nothing he walks right next me If I if I stop he'll stop and if I go he'll go and all my friends like, oh, Dave that shit is dope. How you train Bob? I'd do that shit I've never trained Bob Just a messy eater If I drop food and Bob I was not around all I got to do is call him Bob Bob He's a black dude's dogs. They didn't come right away. He peeks first to see what's going on I got a tap my foot so we can see the food over here little buddy And he's like thanks, Dave, they'll come get it and run off But he knows all my habits like if he smells weed in the house he'll be like No, this motherfucker's about to eat and they'll just come run it I Bob I got me through a very difficult time in my marriage We spend the most time together like it's not that me and my wife don't spend time together But we've been married so long. It's like we don't we don't talk like I don't anyone's married here But after 10 years all that chatty shit goes away. You said it all you know what I mean Yeah, we're just in the zone She says the same shit to me every night before she goes bed I'll be the last one up. She's like we'll get some sleep Dave good night All right, baby. We're saving watch television good night And she'll walk halfway up the steps David Don't eat the kids lunch Well the crazy shit is I don't even eat the lunch anymore Back in the day I used to eat that shit. You know that goes I might smoke some weed in the middle of the night and she'll leave neatly wrapped sandwiches all over the kitchen I'm gonna eat it We was the big deal. Why can't she just make another one in the morning. I mean, it's like I got sons anyway And sons love everything that dads do my kids are best school the next day. Just look like oh damn it my sandwich You could trade that sandwich for something better What What I'm doing is adding value to their lunch Should I understand these types of things Anyway, she gets mad at me was she's mad at me now because I got myself in trouble I got myself extorted which happens in this business I'd come home from the road There was a FedEx sitting on a kitchen table And it was addressed to me so I opened it. I don't know who delivered it And there was a video cassette inside with a notebook written on it that said gotcha. Oh my god Can you imagine I freaked out? I told a whole house apart Trying to find the VCR I haven't seen a tape and like over a decade And I watched the tape and it was awful they got me it was a tape of me I was fucking a girl, okay, but it was from before I was married But it was not a good look and I felt sick to my stomach and I looked up at the clock And then I saw my wife was coming home in 10 minutes and I just panicked I jerked off to the tape real fast and then And then I called the FBI I It's better I mean they didn't say they were gonna cash them for sure But they had the demeanor of some competent people that would cash them so I didn't worry about it too much And then not even a week later five days later I come home and there's another video cassette just sitting on my porch Soon as I saw it I just called the police like they've done it again Uh, you should probably look for a guy with bell bottoms on because I don't know who the fuck is sending tapes I And that second tape was the worst should I have seen in my life it was awful career ending band it was a tape of me Jerking off to the table week earlier. I don't even know how how it even gets such a thing I had to explain all of this to my wife She was very mad no Thing in this world is as cold as a woman's cold shoulder because she was mad But she wouldn't talk to me about she was just punished me in little ways make me do shit that I hate to do Like pick the kids up from school. That's one thing she knew That's a hardship for me I Got one son that goes to a public school and her brother goes to a private school It's an experiment. I just want to see what's gonna happen to him But what's weird is my little son in private school. He's like my he's like my thuggy son You know, I mean, I don't know where he get that from he's not getting it from me And he's definitely not getting from that school This school is very like a liberal school. It's the kind of school It might be like 12 black students in the entire school and I'm the only black parent And none of the parents like me Not because I'm black, but just like they don't like Hyrule because I've been showing up late all the time And I might in a Porsche and a blast in music that they don't like The music that I beat to pussy up and I pull into the park and I I might be smoking a cigarette with the kids in the car Then I pull in like that handicap space And then when I get out of the handicap space they always want to say some passive aggressive shit morning Dave Don't know if you notice, but yeah, she parked in the handicap space Yeah, you know what Frank I did notice But who was this handicap guy we're all waiting on that never shows up So I hate going over to that school is the only only parents that are nice to me is Lesbian couple Kate and Sarah actually Kate hates my guts Sarah knows that I'm black and she's half black so she just understands me You know, I'm saying I can't explain it Because I'll say shit and Kate's just too serious about being a lesbian. I'll be like hey Kate. Hey Sarah Uh You guys going to the father son picking you next week. How's that gonna work? And Kate will instantly be furious, but Sarah knows I'm fucking around so should just say something cool I don't know Dave maybe me and Kate will flip for that shit I see if they should get a save that coin toss because everybody knows you strapping on at that household And then Kate'll turn bright red but Sarah just pissed by me like you right negative me We good friends We're good friends they invite me to stuff they're like my only friends at the school So imagine my surprise when I go to pick my son up after all this happens and The teacher is waving outside for me. She's just standing right there in the middle of the fucking handicap space I knew something was wrong. So I rolled the one we talked to you for a minute in the office I said, no fuck that we got to talk right here. What's going on? I Know it was bad Every him had a fight. I said a fight. Don't worry Everyone's okay. I said everyone What happened? Well, that said we don't know what happened because he won't talk to anybody All we know is that he punched Sarah Jr. in the face. I said, oh no Sarah's one of the only parents. I'm not sure I can beat up in the school Just think hey Sarah put up to pick up the adora and then we all had to go into the office and I was really worried I didn't want him to kick me out of the school And then they brought my son and he was crying They brought him in like a prisoner He's like oh, oh, oh, I said son. You stop crying calm down. Do not look at these mean faces I need you to look at my face and I need you to tell me the truth buddy All right, just tell me the truth is it true did you punch that girl Sarah Jr. in the face? I was trying to give him a signal to lie, but he didn't pick up on it. I was like He wasn't paying attention to say yes daddy. I punched her face. Oh my god. Why why would you do that? You know supposed to put your head those gangster it scared all the parents in the world Oh Gosh, he had it coming And everyone looked at me and I said I did not teach her. I don't worry got that from I said what does that mean to know this crazy talk What does that mean And then he just started crying like he was two-buck oh These kids keep fucking with me I Told us teacher I said well when I wait a minute this is a lot of things but he's not alive And if he said they was fucking with them they did something to him son. What's going on? What do they do to you? Oh damn tired of this shit It's been going on all week. I said what's going on all week? He said we said urch in that bitch bit my sandwich I said She's the fourth time this week. I'm tired of sandwich biting bitch Stop using that word. Let's go home That's quiet car ride home We got to the house he was ran right up to his room slam the door There's mother came downstairs by then she had heard about everything She was looking at me like oh my She said he bit that goddamn sandwich I said I'm tired of you accusing me of shit and I just ran out of the house Jumped in my car and drove off of course. I bit that sandwich But I knew that she was just really mad about that tape so now she's gonna punish me about a fucking sandwich I was man as fuck you know what I said to myself. I said I should just never go home. Fuck this shit You know by the way that's how people used to get divorced in the 40s We're no divorce court in America back in those days if you want to get out your marriage You tell your wife. Hey baby. I'm going to get a pack of cigarettes. I'll be right back We were just leave with the clothes on your back That's when men were men And there was no internet back then so you can move 11 miles away and have a whole new life Oh But I ended up going back home Late at night and came in the room and she was actually changing for bit You know I was telling your wife was mad at you when they covered her titties up when you're walking. Oh Let those titties out. It's me baby You Can we just talk about this full minute she said David there's nothing to talk about I already know you bit the sandwich and no Go looking for the lunch I hit it It's that I want to talk about the sandwich baby. I want to talk about it The tape I know that's why you're mad It was a very difficult conversation I had to crack a few j... and we started talking and then she cracked a few jokes That hurt my feelings honestly, but Will we talk ain't it when she told me she told me that she was madder About the second extortion tape that she was about the first one Which doesn't make sense at all. What's wrong with the guy touching his own private parts It's my own business. It's not like I do it all the time. As a matter of fact sometimes I do it for her benefit a lot guys do this It's called the mercy jerk That's the one that happens in the middle of the night. We about to roll on top of it and you see her face me like She looks tired That takes a lot of love and discipline to back out of her room with the rock hard dick Sometimes I don't make it. Uh oh Someone fell asleep with the socks off didn't they You can't rape feet You can't rape feet Oh All the time I jerk off now is in the game Sometimes she'll tell me they want to take the kid to my mom real quick probably back in a couple of hours a couple hours You can get a good one in in two hours That's kind of session where you'll take all your clothes off I Be button making an olive room like get these fucking toys out of my way Disgusting foot all on the coffee table just stroking it out taking my time I got both cereal waiting for me right here That's That's when you have the privacy you can have a loud orgasm I miss those You know the guy buss the nut like right after that. There's a window of like six minutes where he does the most rational thing He ever does that's when he's always horrifying God what have I done? Oh my god, it's everywhere Thank you very much awesome Texas out of one of the time be well be happy Good night
You you I'm a pretty pun tonight, mister Eddie Grisha. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, cover squad, y'all. Go cover squad. Flood janky back up. Oh! Oh! Be the stuff! Oh! Let's do this one more time. Go sit down, y'all. Hey, Jill, ah, Monaco. What's going on, y'all? That's welcome, welcome, welcome to Las Vegas. If you just got here, it's the only city you can see dead people walking down the street. You don't believe me? Take your ass out on Las Vegas Boulevard. Nickety, that's a dead Michael Jackson out there. Still more walking. I don't still got three shows in this motherfucker die. I seen it, y'all seen that trans hormone out there? That motherfucker asked me for $5. I said turn the tool car, motherfucker, I'll get you 100. That nigga was trying too. You really need a job dressing up like a truck in this motherfucker, he? You know, he'll need a house in some like that and why you dressing up like a truck. Nickety, do you like food? You're dead at them. This all I know how to do. Get my ties. They're so hot in this motherfucker town. I seen the devil walking down the street looking for Icewater. Said he going back to hell to cool off. It shouldn't be a fat motherfucker nowhere in this town. Take your fat ass outside of the Republic freezer right here. Hey, nigga, what's your diet? The sun. And crazy white people, y'all motherfuckers crazy. Y'all don't only want to be at these pools, it goes 100 in hell. They out there niggas skiing bubbling sound like bacon. Niggas being niggas. Niggas being niggas. And we on pay for, I mean. You know, we gonna sit right in this motherfucker today coming kiddos out. Didn't that wait, he's a come on. What you like a bottle of champagne? Nothing old, 3000 goddamn dollars. But we got to ask you to leave. I didn't want to sit in this motherfucker no God damn it. I think we'll walk to another casino get right back in another cabal. Y'all be careful with y'all here. They ain't building these casinos because motherfuckers are winning. Got quiet in this bitch. Vegas, you got some of you motherfuckers. I don't know why y'all don't figure it out. When you land up McCann Airport, they got that escalator going down. motherfuckers be hype on arrival. Niggas being babies, we about to kick it like a motherfucker. Y'all better watch them bitches going up. Look at any quiet. Purse emptied wallet drive. And my people weed allowed us when we checked in casinos, niggas arrived. Niggas are mad. Niggas are mad. Niggas aren't going to get these motherfuckers. Ask them dudes and then black suits be like, we got one. You'll see that motherfucker later on that evening. On that lonely couch. Every casino got one. So over in the distance, right by the crap table, niggas like shootcrap. Niggas are called to lose in couch. They ain't got no back on it. They don't need one. There's no fuck sitting there like this. The moment to themselves, I had it. It was in my head. I had it in 1500. It was mine. I should have walked one of the head to chance. So, this is gonna let a brother lead clean either. You lose, so something like, yeah, nigga. I tell you, black ass couldn't shoot no crap. Niggas, that was our house money. Bitch, I lost the house. You won't have to sell. Pusses are we can get out this motherfucker. You see the mold bitches later? Ain't anybody want some of this? Now this is not 11th year doing shows out here in Las Vegas. With my residents a year. Yeah. Yeah. It's my 32nd year anniversary doing this shit cost spanned up, man. Young's them. Yeah. See nigga. Niggas. Niggas. Niggas. Niggas. Niggas. Niggas. Shit, it being out here and this motherfucker, nigga. There's a lot of holes here. Vegas got a lot of holes. But now when I used to come here on the weekend before I lived here, man, you know, you come and do a show, you get your dick suck, make some money, you leave. Now that I live here, I know all the holes. Company out motherfuckers in here tonight. You know you're, they got a house, all of the motherfuckers. They got big giant bags and young holes they work in those. See, they got giant persons. Real women, you know, y'all got respectable small persons. You know, look, make up. You know, probably a couple of tampons, you know. If it's that time of the month. You know, holes got giant bags, nigga. You can spot them. They got three past shoes in there for five weeks. You know, they'll go upstairs and they can turn the trip, come down the redhead. And if y'all really want to see some funny shit, go to downtown Las Vegas. That's where the old holes hang out. They still walk the stroll like it's 1972. They out in the sun. And they live when you walk by, and then you drive by, and you see us all ahead, nigga. Come on over here, nigga. Fuck with a bitch, nigga. Let me suck your little comedy dick, nigga. I said, bitch, you got three teeth and they don't look like they like each other. Wait till the motherfuckers fall out, come back and see your nigga. Fuck y'all, don't knock until you try it. They'll gum you down, nigga. Smooth sell it. The holes got red with lives too, nigga. I live out here. You see holes and grocery stores out here. You on out of nine, bitch, come out with a teddy hangout. nigga, wait a breath at it. I said, baby, put your teddy on my son right here. You're making him hungry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, they can shit. I was married to a motherfucker, that was, whoo. I'm on my fourth marriage, y'all understand me? My first three wives was cold, nigga, but the third one, nigga. That was crazy, pussy. nigga, I call it, you ever had polio pussy? Polio pussy? And not a bitch that got polio. The pussy's so good, you split your dick in it, that bitch give you polio. Oh, that's not. It's so good, oh, it's so good. That bitch had me found her around, nigga, I couldn't go nowhere. What are you doing? I'm right behind you. You ever had pussy, so motherfuckers, she's in your house. She going to bathroom, nigga, you be outside of door. Fuck you in there, no. You better know, too got them long. What the hell you doing, woman? I'm right in here, taking a shit. The bitch come out, where you going? I'm going to the store, I'm going with you. Y'all mean my disappeared off the scene for like two, three years? Nigga, that pussy was that good. I couldn't leave, nigga, because you know, women fuck, I think, like your occupation. You know, if you fuck a doctor, she going to fuck like a doctor, you know. Just flex your gluteus, maxidus. You know what I mean? You fuck a crazy bitch. Crazy women, nigga. Oh, got that shit. Nigga, I said it, that motherfucker, house, my mama came over. She said, baby, ain't nobody seeing you in about three years? I ain't seeing you, sir. March you ain't doing no movies, no more. You ain't doing TV. You ain't even touring, nigga. What you doing? You're just underneath the string and nasty bitch. She said, she didn't put the roots on you. Now, Nigga, I didn't know what the fuck the roots mean. I don't know what you're talking about, the roots, nigga. I said, did she make you some kind of gravy or spaghetti? I said every three days. I didn't know shit. This bitch making me pee in pennies, spaghetti. Nigga, I said no head brain wash. My mama said, here to kill a nigga, you make this bitch a special clam chowler. Right? You know, motherfucker, give her a clam chowler and get a pair of her pennies and barren in the back y'all. Well, as y'all can see, I'm back to work. So, the shit ever happened to you when you know the kill. When I was a kid, you know what they'd take you on these field trips? I was like six, seven years old, they'd take you to the zoo. So, we went to the monkey exhibit. And they wasn't doing monkey shit, they wasn't moving. So, nigga, I started throwing rocks at them. I wanted to see them do monkey shit. That monkey loaded up, nigga. Five. And it hit a nigga right here. And it was hot. It was all wrong with that. Nigga, this is how I'm a kid, he's funny. Two years of kids don't give a fuck. Kids, fuck me all the time. Hey, monkey shit, hey. You better learn how to clown back. Hey, fuck monkeys. Yeah, they full of shit. But I think that was God talking to me, brother. That's God's way of saying, nigga, you the shit. Nigga said, I'm gonna tell the joke something more fuckin' wrong, nigga. I used to do this shit for free on the corner. Yeah, I never had to buy a Wii U. They're like, get a little nigga d'awse like you gonna go all night. And I did do, nigga. You say, they mama's be on the porch. I told ya, I added cry to it. Look at it, he can do anybody. The boys are mimicked. I said, what are you talking about, woman? See, they're never doing me. Hey, you gonna make it? Keep going, baby. You keep going. I appreciate the fuck out of them all the sisters, man. Shit, only family members have come outside. That boy ain't gonna be shit. He going to jail like his uncle bucket. I mean, my head principal told me I wasn't gonna be shit. Nigga ain't gonna know what be shit, nigga. You getting suspended? You're always clowning in class, nigga. You ain't gonna be shit outta there. So you have God work, I fuckin' wound up with come famers, right? I go back home to Cassidy, Missouri, nigga. I did a concert, middle of theater, five thunders, leave soul to fuck out. It was a line around the line around the bill. Nigga wrap your head around that. I spotted this motherfucker principal in line to get a ticket. I told my limo driver, slow down. I got bougie in the mouth, I could slow down. Nigga rolled and went it down. Nigga, you ain't gonna be shit! Onward Charles, onward. You don't tell no kid ain't gonna be shit, even if they ain't gonna be shit. Now we own this election cycle again, nigga. And Trump, motherfucker, nigga. This motherfucker. Trump untouchable, nigga. They did this Mueller report shit. What did they take? Two, three fucker years, nigga. LBI can't get him, CIA can't get him. This nigga, God, we need you. You won't have to come down to get this orange motherfucker. This son of a-dee is untouchable. And I don't like the Democrats. Don't get it. Twist Democrats to me is some pussy motherfuckers. All they do is motherfuckin' apologize every day. I wanna apologize the 1972. Biden apologizes for touching a bitch's shoulder. Now I wanna know who this bitch is. That a motherfucker touch on shoulder and you think you getting raped. Bitch you ain't had dick ever. You should've thanked that man for the fucking shoulder, my son. Trump don't apologize for shit. You gotta respect this gangster. Neal's there, that motherfucker nuts be dragging the grimes. Leaving orange juice trails. Trump, did you grab a pussy? I'ma grab another one tonight. I invited Tracker Woods over to the White House and we can just grab and push it together. I mean, I'ma give him an award. Trump don't give a fuck that racist motherfucker. I don't like this motherfucker, man, because he won't own niggas in jail or dead. He don't want no Mexicans in this country whatsoever. Paco, I'm here to tell you. Don't go nowhere. Stay nigga, we need you. I'ma love you. They trying to turn him back to clock, y'all. Beware. Because the Trump show is just what has always been a reality show. That's just to keep your ass busy. Niggas, he do so much shit every day. It tires you out. You wake up in the morning. He did dance some shit. Already. You go to work by the time you get home. What the nigga did all that today? Niggas, if Obama did five of the things, this motherfucker pulled off every day. They don't home that nigga on national TV and charged you to see it. You know how hard it was to beat that nigga, nigga, that clean. This nigga didn't have one mother fucking blinish. Niggas, you know how hard it is for a nigga not to do something? Niggas, I'ma fuck up in about 15 minutes. Just keep watching. Yeah, shit. I'm from Kansas City, Missouri. Niggas. Yeah, Obama from Chicago. But if you listen to white people, he's from Nigeria. Somewhere over there. You gone to Andrew Bootjabah. I got it. Trump motherfucking ass nigga. This motherfucker. Well, this is all right, nigga. Y'all trying to turn back to Clark White people? I'm here to tell you. I ain't going. I want you motherfucking white people in here to look around at the nigga sitting close to you. We ain't, our fathers, fathers, fathers. You ain't gonna never hear you, y'all. Nigg, I'm going to hell a jail. You pick which one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. I'm gonna go to the next one. Nigg, I'm going to hell a jail. You pick which one. Nigg, I can't. I can't. I can't. I couldn't have been those like, man. Mass would have killed me in five minutes. With his mouth piece, nigga. I could have killed that damn nigga. Put that smart nigga down. Put him down. He didn't talk to me. He's rolling up the rustle. Put him down. Because they always say we come from slaves, nigga. We don't come from no motherfuckers slaves. We come from kings and queens. Yes, man, man. They have a history starting in roots, nigga. I see in roots, I didn't like that motherfucker film, man. In the mood, they always had us picking cotton in the hot sun singing. Like it's a happy thing, you know? Long, geez, that's long, long. Gee, that's off. Niggas run. Niggas get your ass in there. Wait, make a run for it. Niggas took off every day. Fire! And you know what that did? Niggas when you ran, if they caught you, they would cut something off. I did it so many times. I'd have been ahead and a torso. Still trying to get away. I ain't gonna go warm. I ain't gonna go warm. I ain't gonna go low-wire. I ain't gonna warm that again. They got a game back, they'd cut my ass, no arms, no legs. Hey, what you gonna do, adding? Took your arm and your leg. I still got my dick. Life is always good, wouldn't it? I can still get some pussy. It's all right, wouldn't it? They're gonna hire you, hire you, fuck. I tell the bitches, pull me up in here. Spinning, they spinning. What do they call you? They call me Pogo stick. Don't worry about it, wife, won't you? Time's coming. Oh yeah, if karma has any kind of validity and reality and it does, the law of karma says what, what goes around? I can't hear you, motherfuckers. What goes around? Sally, Scott, Jill, she's going down. I'm telling you, you're gonna have a real good time when I own you. I'm gonna treat you right, Bob, Jill. I'm gonna let you pick cognac night. That way you skinned over her. I'm only gonna beat you on Thursdays and 730. I got shit to do. And it's gonna be a whole lot of light skinned, more day day. I'm just, Chris looking for a fucking kids on my plane, baby. Sally? You going? Yeah. She gonna come out the bar every day. I never wouldn't stop. Sally, what are you gonna do? He fucks you every now. What are you gonna do about it? I'm gonna move in. I love him. Why people, I don't think you couldn't have been a slave. Y'all too soft. Look, he got this face like, whatever nigga we could have done it. You can barely take five minutes of me talking shit right now without turning around. And let alone me fucking your wife. Take all the black slave owners with the only push. And let them go. Now let all of them go. They ain't worth it now. I got a hundred wastelays. I ain't got a bushel of cotton out these motherfuckers. All they do is lay on the ground and burn up on you and bitch out of town. Then when you put them in the sun, you got to grease them down first. And the sun-town loads your name, cheat shit. These motherfuckers ain't cost effective. They back from bitch. I'll tell you what, I'll sell you all 100 of my wastelays for one Mexican. Fuck y'all, one Mexican will pick like a thousand nicks. But they ride the cats. Yeah, they go on the ground all y'all been trying to catch cotton for three years. I know it down there when they go old necklace on them. I can hear them in the distance later than I can hear. Hose. Y'all need us, wifey? You don't want to get rid of me, need it? You need it. Why people need us? I mean, who are you gonna have to blame your ineptitude on if I ain't here? Why people need us so they can point to finger? Why you ain't shit, man? Cause niggers. Niggers is the only reason I ain't got something. And the Mexicans are taking all the jobs. I didn't know you want to leave, blow. How the fuck they taking your jobs? Yeah, the Mexicans ain't taking your jobs. The technology is robots took everybody got them job. You used to have a factory job you worked with your head. Now, robot can do that shit. They don't need us. It ain't just you, man. We're all on the floor. Everybody sick of a goddamn robot. You ain't got a poor health care if you don't fucking robot. And I'm sick of these motherfuckers saying black people are using up all the health care. Now we ain't, we only 12% of the population. And niggers don't go to the hospital. We just sick. We came for it, niggers. And we don't trust doctors. You're going to hospital? I'll trust that, motherfucker. What's in the needle? Yeah, they trying to kill us. I ain't taking shit. People are crazy, man. I don't preach. I teach. Right now. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. You want a preacher? You know what to find them every Sunday. Yeah, you remember the motherfuckers? They came and shot up the black search? They can only pull that with black people. You know, we catch on quick. You know, I've been to the black search lately. Nigger, they got guns in church now. And black searches when everybody getting in there, they locked the doors. You know what's that, man? And the motherfuckers got a knock to get in church. I was trying to come and praise Christ. That's what the niggas behind the door. No, no, we don't praise Christ here. We praise the Lord. See, this code, where I see white people say Christ. Niggas, we going to see the Lord. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. White people been killing up everybody. What's going on with y'all? Just last week, they tried to say it was that brother and killed the motherfuckers at the job. They ain't trickin' me. Nigger, that nigger was dead all red. And they said he was a shooter. Because they tied up the motherfuckers story that the white man is killing everybody. So they made the nigga the shooter. Why is he already dead? You know what's that mean? And then, fuck that. It was somebody white again. Because if I can think it, Nigger, they did it. White, what's wrong? Oh, no, I'm making you my white representative tonight. You should have said that close. No, I'm a fuck with y'all, you fuck. Here's the shit, nigga. What is wrong? You can't y'all get fired. White people get fired and go kill everybody the job. Niggas, we're getting fired all the time. We don't go kill nobody. They come to us and you're fired. Okay, give my motherfuck a check. I ain't like this fuck ass job. No guy there, what? Give my motherfuck a check. Are we gonna send you a check in the mail? No motherfuck, I'm leaving the day my mother lived with I live. Give my motherfuck a check. Fuck ass shit. Niggas be on the block later on. And what happened? Niggas motherfuck told me I'm fired. Niggas shit. I can't just bitch got some weed. Niggas lighted up. White people get fired. They nice to white people. You know, they fire us. You fired. White people get fired. Niggas a whole different way of fire. Nigg. Oh God, I don't even know how to tell you this. Oh fuck. Oh, hey, doing this man. I mean, this is not me. It's coming from upstairs. I got a lecture going there. You got a fucking let me go. I know it's some kind of fucking joke. Come on, I been working here 27 fucking years. You're gonna tell me I'm fucking fired. Is this how I'm just fucking going, man? I got a fucking mortgage. I got a wife. I got four kids and a dog named Peter. You're telling me I'm fucking fired. I'm fucking fired. I'm fucking fired. That's right when they should know. They should know. They should know. Run. Niggas. I'm fired. You see that motherfucker come to work the next day. So don't breathe, guys. That's a gun. Hey. Fuckin' it's fucking this. Yeah. Yeah. Bro, bro, bro, bro. Niggas never get shot on the job. Niggas when they shick around. Because we are well of our surroundings. That motherfucker Ned come back the next day. Niggas be on him a fucking job. Ain't that Ned? Didn't they fire that motherfucker yesterday? Shit, it's time to take a long lunch. Hey, be outside. Huh. I told you he killed an animal. Why are you with y'all just the opposite? Y'all two fucking knows it. I think that's why y'all got the point of knows it. Ned come back the next day. Y'all gonna fuck us be there. God, that's Ned. Shit, he looks destroyed. Fuck, man. Hard way to go. Come on, let's go try to cheer him up. Fuck. Niggas when niggas leave come with us. We know something. We got street vital senses. You know, that's from being on the block, Niggas. Ain't bout to kill that niggas. Niggas we be at the club. Niggas is like a motherfucker. Niggas is like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. He's like a man. Oh, these niggas might shoot this motherfucker up. You don't stop dancing, though. I talk about you, white people because I care. I'm trying to help you. Y'all do shit that no other culture does. Like, damn it. This is the white people getting chewed up by shark season. We ain't gonna fuck y'all gonna learn. Why do y'all go out that far? That's where they act. You ain't heard of a two-up nigga no one on her. We go waist high. Y'all seein' us at the beach splashing right now making it look like we know some shit. Nigga feels the same way. Nigga something on her. Y'all kids get off that wall. We don't even gonna get the kids. Do it that and talk. Just swear on it. Nigga jump out dry, nigga. I jump around, man. Love who you love. You know what I mean? I see the immigration couples in here, nigga. You know what you're whiter than night. You're taking a chance. That's all I'm saying, nigga. Love who you love. But Nigga, you're taking a chance. She got that phone call she can make. Man, all she got to do is nine-one-one. He's rapin' me. Nigga, you gonna jump? Who do you think they gonna believe, nigga? I ain't fuckin' around. So I let you're safe with him. But love who you love, man. You know how hard it is for y'all to be in the interregional relationship. Y'all was probably taught you it on the way in this room. Cause most of us be talkin' shit. So since it's cold, nigga, that way bitch. Couldn't handle us, huh, Nigga? Gotta go get you a snow-bunny, Nigga. Yeah, probably little dick motherfucker. We ain't gon' choke, nah, there's no way. But we ain't gon' be walkin' with Sally. Sally, come on, they're gonna kill us. Boss, we just ain't way. We see a sister with a white dude. We go the fuck out. Get your money, bitch. Get your money, bitch. They couldn't handle that intercontent, huh? Get your money, bitch. Since it's been like, what? I was just sayin' somethin'. Hey, old boy, fuck you. Love who you love, man, but that's some rough shit, nigga. You ain't a fuckin' relationship, this, you know, white and black. Ney-roin, Sally. Sally, you got it rough. You better really love Ney-roin' Cause that's the only nigga you gon' have. Cause nigga, white family's kick y'all out the family. Yeah, white family's cold. Get your ass out of this goddamn face, Sally. Bringin' that jigger boo to my goddamn house. You ain't comin' in here. One of my folks gets fuckin' fried chicken. I ain't comin' to fuckin' fried chicken. You outta the family, you outta the fuckin' wheel. Get your fuckin' good, old bitch ass. Uh-huh. Sally, you need a house. Get them, Ney-roin' you're all I have. Ney-roin' try to take you to his mama house. Y'all already know Slyther. You ain't bringin' that white bitch in there. You ain't bringin' that white bitch in my house, Ney-roin' I told you better than this, Ney-roin' One of my folks is cookin' peach. I don't cook no goddamn peach. You black ass outta here with that snow butt of Ney-roin' You can't come in this goddamn house cause you get a bitch with cornrows. You need one, Ney-roin' house. You're all I got, Sally. And they wandered the earth together, Ney-roin' That's why you see a walk like that. They all alone just... Yeah, the two most racist motherfuckers on earth is a white man and a black woman. You know what's down there? Yeah, white man don't give a fuck, sister don't give a fuck. The only cure for that kind of relationship is when they have a baby. Y'all have a baby, huh? You got two. You got two? See, you're back in the family. Cause only the babies can cure that racism. You bring that baby over to that sister's house? It's my grand-baby. Law? He got that good hair. He got the skin and the winds. Hey, Sally, come on in here girl, I just bullshit. Yeah, I went on that food network, I learned how to make that kiss. Come on in. You taking more of that red neck now? He's my goddamn grandson. And now look, a little fucker's got a permanent tan. I mean look at the size of my balls on this fucker. Woo! Look at how big his hands are, we're going to end up hell. Look at that. Look at that. Love who you love, man. My wife's Korean, nigga's just, I'm sleeping with the enemy. I'm dating Kim Yum Yum's my lucky sister. Look at sister, look at that nigga, what you doing with that Korean? I was mad at three of y'all, y'all had a chance. Now I got ten beautiful children. Thank you, that's a blessing. Look at me like, damn, ten beautiful. Don't judge, my mother fucking ability to take care of my kids by yo wallet. All ten of mine, fine and a mother fucker. And most of them grown anyway, I just got my four youngest with me, they arrested the first crop I call them, first crop gone. You know, my oldest is 33. My youngest is five. Yeah, yeah, I got my first grandson and he five. Niggit, they go to school together. Only in a black family. And you know the greatest joy of my life outside of seeing smiles on your face doing this job that I love to do is watching my youngest son and my grandson hang up. You know, I tour on the weekends, man, so Sundays all day. Y'all call, join your, join your, bring my grandson over, man. They sit there, I'm trying to teach him how to shoot pool. You know, can't sit in the middle of it. You know, it's a lot of pool halls, so we shoot pool back home. So I'm like, we got to get the angle of the dangling, nigga. You know, they ain't playing no tension to me. Just let them sit on two little niggas, talk, be killing me. Ain't nothing, you come here and let me highlight you. You teach your came and talk to me again today. Yeah, because I'm your uncle. She told me that you shit on yourself with me. Now, nigga, I was out of pool loves at age two. You know, you're making the Griffin family look bad, shitting on yourself, man. And they look Asian, chicken, the corner with the wooden blocks with the little letters on it. That's me, nigga, back up. Niggas, my grandson, yeah, um. And she was yo, she wouldn't be hollering. I said, look at this little play on. Niggas, my grandson is half Mexican, half black, yeah. My son married a Mexican lady, nigga. I call him my little Mexican nigga. And when he come by, I'm making tacos with colla grays. Moreitos with mac and cheese. You know, just so he get both sides of his culture. And he'd be trying to teach me Spanish, you know, he called me pop-hop. Pop-hop. Because he used to say grand dead. I'm like, hey, nigga, I ain't dead old. I look too good to be grand. Wait till I get old ragged me. I said, it's pop-hop, nigga. Pop-hop. He said, pop-hop, K-pasta. I said, no, that's at your mama house. It's what up, nigga, over here. Try that one up, nigga. Honey. My oldest daughter, nigga, just turned 17. Hey, yeah, it's that season, nigga. I just bought two more guns. Because this is when the little ignorant motherfuckers start coming by trying to take them on dates. And then my boys act like we don't remember being them. Yo, man, hit my fuck up to the door. Hey, uh, Mr. Griffin, how you doing, man? Not really like you in undercover brother, man. That was my joint, man. And I was wondering if I could check your daughter out, she was like, nah, nigga. The one I really don't trust, he's too nice. When he's too nice, this is the freak. You know, the motherfucker was like, hello, Mr. Griffin. I was wondering if I could acquire your daughter's hand and go into that. I said, nigga, get the fuck away with my money. He said, no, really. I'd love to take her to the movies. I said, what movie are you talking about, sweetie? This motherfucker told me to title, nigga. I was like, well, I'm in the rightest guild, screen actors guild, the rightest guild. They send the movies for me to screen them so I could vote on who should get their war. I just happened to have that movie. Come on in. I brought that nigga inside him on the couch. I said, yo, what's the pop-up? I went to Kitsch, you know that old microwaves, shit? One minute, 25 seconds. Do it on the table, nigga, and gave both of them a coke. I sat right between them. Yeah, we gonna watch this movie. My daughter was like, you get a shot to fuck up. You can't know my daughter. I said, shut the fuck up. I said, so, uh, yeah, what's your name, little fella? Yeah? Hey, hey, check it out. What's your intentions, young man? Well, you act like I didn't used to be your age. You thought she was gonna get my daughter and that dark movie theater. And we go, ooh. Ah. Ooh. And then run to school the next day. Hey, man, smell my finger. That nigga left my house. I ain't seen him since. My daughter's still mad at me. You know my nerves, you always doing the shot to fuck up. Fuck outta here. You ain't fucking around my house. You finishing the four-year university that I already paid to fuck fuck. You get what fuck? You can stay mad, Goddammit. Sure. I ain't some motherfucker friend. I'm your father. Hey, you wanna run away? Run on. Shit, I got nine more. I ain't gonna miss you. I love my daughter's the devil, huh? You know what I mean? But they're the hardest to deal with, you know. First, I had all boys. That's just easy. I'm a better boy. Nick a trash, y'all. Take a trash. Okay, trash. I can't touch my daughter's, man. Any other man in here like that, that's my little queen, my little princess, man. I only got those back-to-mines, am I? Yeah, and you hear it? Take everything. Then I have to go to my wife. Hey, baby. Need you to go get my money back. You got to work as a team. Look at go get it. I hear my wife in the room. Give me that goddamn money. What I tell you about working that nigga? That's my mother fucking money, goddamnit. I'm sucking the comedy dick. Nick a wife and come back in the bedroom. Like, 15 minutes ago, she ain't told me shit about my money. I said, uh, baby, you want to bring up the money? Uh, was you listening? I said, yeah, my money. Now, Nick, I said, I suck the comedy dick. It's my money. Nick I couldn't say shit. She said you took the money, put it in your mouth. Well, yeah, Nick, I said, I'm fitty too. Shit, I need some hair. You know what I mean? We don't fuck like we used to. I'm beyond this thing. I see the older man here now, you can all be quiet now. Speak with yourself. She's your old, Svinty nigga, you dick-ass. Sometimes you can feel it. Hey, you all right? Hey, you don't look up at me. I'm all right. You try to jacky mouth like we used to, you know, come on, man, come on. Never lay me alone. You'll shrink. I'm tired of that, I'm tired. Svinty, two years, nigga, I'm a soldier. That's why I gotta help him. I'll stay in the trenches, nigga, back in four. Yeah, then, out. We got no more bullets left. I'm shooting now, you know what I mean? I'm not gonna hit it. I'm leaving alone, dude. Leaving alone, put me back in the drawers. Did you take one of them sea-alasists reporting for duty's hurt? Now I just tell my wife, you know, I'll be honest with her. I'm like, you know, you better, you better, you know. I need a jumpstart. Yeah, oh, nigga's a hit, oh lie. You see, you ain't even, your wife knows the subject. You getting rid of that bitch? You overfitting, baby, I need a jumpstart. You get a nigga. Don't laugh, ladies, I'll see y'all more, huh? Y'all push it down right now. Oh, push it down. You guys. You guys. You guys. It's beat up this whole motherfucking thing. Gravity don't give a fuck, nigga. Pulls on them lips. Them both must get along on this fuckness. They look like they're actually a baloney meme on the side of the brain. No, nobody won't know pussy, they gotta roll up to get. nigga, what you doing? I'm rolling this pussy up, fucking hit it. Yeah. How many y'all ever fucking won with on the pitch? I don't fuck y'all lying ass, motherfucking. Now y'all gonna be in the SLS boozey. You're a lying motherfucking. Ain't no man gonna wait no goddamn week on no pussy. That's why every household got that old raggedy towel. They did towel down so we don't fuck these sheets up. That's the only time a little dick motherfucking probably feel like he did something. And they're gonna like blow it everywhere. It's a crime scene. Get the forensics. Yeah, I ain't saying I got the biggest dick on earth. But nigga, I get return visits. Yeah, nigga, if bitch, look for you, you ain't seen it in a long time. You did something the last time. If you don't get a return visit, you came up. And women talk. If you got a little dick, your whole block, no. I don't women can't help this, you didn't. You wouldn't be walking down the street. And nigga talked out that shit, Eddie. Shown up with his little brother's dick. And nigga, whip this dick out. I threw babe powder on it. If I had a little dick, I would kill myself. You know, God give me all this fucking talent and shit, nigga, and opportunity and no dick. Just kill yourself. You know, bitch show up nigga, well, that's all you got. I kill myself. Yeah, motherfucking yeah, shit. That's why I got 10 kids. I be deep up in them. I make the furniture move. All up in the chest. If you can't have kids, it's because you're dick and small. You dropping the sperm off so far away from the age. They die for the ever-giddish. Now, how deep is this bitch? We've been swimming for niggas, months. Some of them never get in there, little big motherfucker. Bust on the outside, they be swimming around the lips. I drop mine off right at the age. They come out, thanks for the ride, get you ready. Hey, motherfucking kid. If y'all don't remember a motherfucking thing I said tonight, please remember this. You born a winner. Everybody in this room is a winner. You know what's that mean? When our fathers busted a nut, every time we busted nut, there's billions of sperm. Only one can make it to the egg. We all made it their first. Niggas, you born a winner. Stop letting the world teach you how to lose. When we got to that egg, niggas, bust that nut. I got this. Niggas, you get an egg. Niggas, I'm in this bitch. I won, niggas, I'm coming. It's fine, I'm gonna make it. Man, that's fucked up. Niggas, I've been next to you for five years and this nigga left nut. Come on, let another nigga eat. We could be twins. Too late, niggas, I'm already mutated. Pop now what we gonna do. It's so arrogant motherfucking letting nobody else in. Selfish ass nigga, you ain't gonna be shit. You're gonna work in McDonald's where the paper hat. Niggas had doctor in me. Pop, what we gonna do, dude? Joannien, saying gonna go good for us. We're gonna have to swim back the way we came. We're gonna end up in that bitch's pants. That nigga gonna call us a discharge. Then we gonna drive out, it's gonna be a crunchy crap. That nigga gonna be looking for something in the dirty clothes that have been come across the crunchy crap. He gonna be in three, he gonna squeeze us, we gonna shrink off like snowflakes. Now that's if we're in a good honest woman. What if he busted nothing, we end up in a nasty stanky bitch. We swim back the way we came and another nigga's eating a pussy. We end up in this nigga throat. I don't wanna be a no-dust nigga throat. I'll take the crunchy panties every day. Hey, Joannien, what you doing with me on favor? Swim over head to see if the clothes is clear. Niggah-han! Well, job done Joannien was just gonna see comedy tonight. I got magic in myself. I got a magical nigga hand to show up with this. Look at my wife over here, I want a nigga hand. I used to have whole niggas, you fucked it up. Oh shit. Hey, you gonna wear that, my brother. And you replace me. You don't even try this drink, too, nigga. I was called an edit gripper. It's champagne mixed with a shot of a tron. Oh, I know you didn't think I'd be getting this fuck up just gonna champagne. Instead of a tron, it don't leave you alone, get on the thing, you don't, and make you miss your home. That's why I be sipping these bitches. Cause a tron don't give a fuck cause tron had yo ass stuck. Now it's gonna be some hard nigga here talking shit. You can give me 17 or whatever that little nigga had. Y'all gonna see that nigga later at the club, nigga. The tron have yo body talk to itself. Ledge how it done. I wouldn't take another step if I was you. You gonna bust yo mother fuck ahead. That's why I locked up, I locked up nigga. Hey, lungs, we need air. I, for KC. Is, huh? Is, huh? Okay, it's all over. Then how you doing? I already pissed all over the show. You ever been so fucked up? You throw up in your own hat? I had one new day's nigga. That was a shit, y'all remember the shit called, shun? Yeah, we called him wet daddy's back home, nigga. So it's just potting the mind, nigga, uh, don't fuck a jumbug, nigga. He was a neighborhood dope fan and one night he came back niggas with a little joint. You know, I smoked weed but I didn't know what the fuck that was. It's dumb. And I hit that motherfucker thinking it's regular weed. I hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it. That shun make you heat up. Niggas, I started taking everything off. I'm running down the street as whole naked with just my hat on. They said I jumped over to the I-73 way and was pissing on cars coming back. So they called my first wife, call her. Call her, come and get at it. This nigga fucked up. So call her pulled up, we had this Buickless saver, nigga. She pulled up, nigga, what is wrong with you? What did they give you? I don't know, baby, but I'm in work. She said, huh? I said I gotta wash the cars. I gotta wash the cars. She said get your ass in the goddamn car. Niggas, I sat in the back seat because I always wanted to be famous. So I made her feel like a limo drive. I got in the back seat, nigga. Niggas, I'm back there fucked up. I don't know what it is when we hide. But ladies, it's the only time we can tell y'all how we really love you. You know, when we sober, you'd be like, baby, do you love me? What do you tell me? Baby, do you love me? Is it food or fed right? Is the lights home? I want to fuck you, ask me stupid shit, fuck. When we fucked up, man. Man. Man. When y'all hear that, y'all already know y'all getting ready to get y'all sent. Man. Man. I love you, man. I love you, man. I love you. You take care of me when I don't take care of me. I love you, man. I love you. You gotta be, booty. I'm mad y'all booty, baby. I'm mad y'all booty. And I did, dude. Yeah. I ain't never getting that fucked up again, nigga. I threw up in my motherfucking hat and nigga shit start bubbling. I look, you get it? And put that motherfucking back on. I woke up the next morning and nigga had all kind of corn and shit in the nigga throat. It took two days to get this shit out. And you know what fucks me up? Every time you throw up, why is there corn? I ain't had corn since last fucking two lives. Well, the fuck the corn keep coming from. You take a shit. There's corn. It's like corn just hang out in your intestines. I'll leave when I want to leave. Ladies don't get it twisted, though. We love you like a motherfucker. Whoever wrote this statement was real honest, man. Can't live with you. Can't live without you. Living with you is a motherfucker. Y'all motherfuckers will find a way to fuck up a relationship when it's right and it's best. Yo, man, I don't know why y'all do it. It's all over the planet. Things are too good. I must fuck it up. Yo, man, this is when you finally like nigga. Damn, I love my wife, man. Look, I'm a beautiful children. Look at this man walking house nigga. We doing this shit. We need to talk about what? See, that's what I'm talking about. You don't even know what I want to talk about. Why do y'all play that fucking real me shit? Bitch, what the fuck you want to say? Ain't no goddamn psychic. You didn't notice I did my hair. Your hair? This is what we talking about. I didn't notice you did your motherfucker hair. You did it. You like it? You gonna fuck up this relationship with that bullshit? Bitch, let's play this guy. You didn't notice I got a new gray hair on my left nut. Now we both didn't notice some shit. That's when it ran out the road. Bitch, buy the game on. Ladies, we love you, but we need your help. Y'all stand there, man. I think that we need a female president myself. Real talk. Y'all mean, cause America's fucked up right now. You know, mother's talking about America's greatest country on earth. No, we not. We still kids from their parents. Down in our motherfuckin' and butter in the South. We kidnap motherfuckin' kids. They ain't nothing to be proud of. This nation ain't great. It's like being an alcoholic. You can't cure yourself till you admit you fucked up. As long as we keep running around lying to ourselves, man, it's better to cut your own earth. No, motherfucker, we fucked up. And we gotta fix this shit. It needs a mother in spirit. Cause me and we got to test Tasterone. All we gonna do is look at how big my dick is. Bro, the bitch of, haha. We need a female up in there to caress this nation. Niggin raised this motherfucker up and turned it back into a family. But once we got down a month, we gonna have to take the missile codes from, huh? Yeah, that PMS shit. That bitch get the code. No, I'm there, I'm outta here. Cause women y'all bad motherfuckers. Y'all can work. Why you on your ped? Y'all, you on your ped for a week, you don't die. You got the string hanging and still gonna work. Going to work. That's because men are in charge. Y'all understand me? I believe every woman should get that weak off when they only appear. With pain, nigga. Y'all understand me? Cause you don't want that bitch of the job anyway. That bitch coming to work, watch out looking at her. What the fuck are all of your eyes? Baby, just go on home, just go on home. That's why it's called PMS, nigga. Pain, misery and shit. Niggas, you mean head periods? Watch out quick, that law would pass. If we had periods, nigga. Cause we got just tossing on it, be a whole different trip. Niggas be walking around, nigga, I'm on my ped. What's wrong with you? Nigga got blood coming out my dick. I gotta wear this cotton sleeve with your twisty ties. I'm on my ped, nigga. And nigga, be a period walk. Niggas, women with no, nigga on this period, look at the walk. Everybody be sound like Bernie Mac. What the fuck are you looking at? More fucker. What the fuck are you looking at? Look at that nigga. Look at that nigga. Come on, fucker, man. Come on, fucker, man. Hey, motherfucker, man. Yeah, nigga, shit. Y'all some bad muck. And ladies, y'all know when y'all are on your period. Y'all still go to a club. Then they'll meet in the bathroom. Girl, you got a tampon. I ran out. You know, bitch and say shit like that. Here you go, girl. Once I spit off. Niggas, we happy. Niggas be in the bathroom. Hey, man, nigga. You gotta ask your sleeve on you. Here you go. Well, I'm doing this little bitch shit. I need to jump both, nigga. Nigga, where in white? I gotta go to shit about the show, nigga. I went back home to Kansas City a few weeks ago. It's my uncle James's got a fourth stage cancer. So he called me up, nigga. And he said, Eddie, they told me, you know, I don't know how much time I got left. And he'm a favorite nephew. I want you to come back, you know. So I want to be able to tell all of what not everybody that found it just the ones I love. I just want to be able to tell all of y'all to kiss my black ass one last time. I said, I'll be honored to come back and let you tell me to kiss your black ass one last time. So nigga, I grabbed up the cousins and families from LA and out here in Baker's Niggas. We flew back home. We had James house nigga. James had a table set up. With every liquor you could think of, we eat all kind of shit. I said, nigga, you ain't got to bring shit, shit. I'm dying. I sold the house, nigga. We gonna drink up the crib tonight. Snicker, we sitting there getting drunk and shit. And nigga, look, those that have been fans of mine for a while, remember dysfunction of family, y'all met mother, uncles, Curtis, James, Bucket, and my mama, right? So nigga, they all sitting around. And our generation, listen to these niggas talk. Niggas. They were sitting there with one of them's wives and niggas talking about, yeah, we all fucked up. I think James was the first one to fuck up. Was it you, James? No, his bucket got it first and then Curtis hit it. And she right there, is it? Yep, yep. It was you, James. I fucked you first. Bucket, look, my fucking ass, it's that nigga. I had to give him some bussies. And I gave Curtis some big old horse dick niggas. I didn't go back there no more. But I stayed with you, James, because you had the right stroke. Niggas, me and my brother, my cousin were sitting there niggas. We ain't gonna have no stories to match this shit with our little youngest. We'd all fuck sitting around playing big with. Hey, baby, bro, yeah, yeah, that's it. Remember that time I didn't fuck your wife? Remember that time you didn't fuck another man? Boy, that shit. But he had a good time, nigga. He said, now he got fucked up and drunk. And then the nigga went to the hospital and they told him he's got at least 17 more years. This nigga and drunk the house, huh? This nigga gonna be homeless for 17 years. I ain't gonna let the nigga go home and shit. I bought the nigga house back. Hell, motherfucker, yeah, nigga, lump the deaf shit. Hell, yeah, yeah, I ain't having no father. Niggas, I was my three father fingers. Yeah, man. Yeah. And my mother's like, yeah, you such a great dad with your kids, nigga. You didn't have a father. I said, niggas, I made a promise. I'm gonna be the father that I always want him. I know that's right. It's easy to do, shit. As a kid, you know what you want a father to do? Well, nigga, that's what I'm doing with mine. Yeah, man, shit. We gonna go play catch nigga, all right? Niggas, knuckle up, nigga. Tighten that jab up, twist it, nigga. Twist it, y'all mean? Drop that hook on, nigga. You know, just basic shit. Take the trash out, little fucker. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, nigga. God is so hard to raise, nigga. Shit. My parents. Yeah, they're tags, nigga. They're hustlers. You give your son a football. He'll play with that same football till he make it to the pros, making money playing football. You bought your daughter a Barbie doll, not in these akin dolls. Not in these friends, not in the apartment, not in the car. Not in these fucking clothes, the shit. This shit going for 18 years, they'll break your ass. Why you think a fuff up father so happy to give his daughter a way to weapon? Uh, nigga, it's your problem now. I hope you got a good job. That little bitch broke me. And God made sure they can't come back. You get married, your last name, James. He's trying to come back daddy. It's one that you can help us on the light bill. He just lost his job. I told you, nigga, what the shit when you brought him about a house? But no, he was so low. Let's see him love, turn him lights back on. I only take it, Griffins. Use the Williams now. All right, let me get out of here, y'all. I gotta go, because I got another show in September. What? You take a minute to get ready for this shit. Look at here, y'all. Y'all been wonderful. Um, EG, GC, God's Child. One time for your mind and never let a hater rent a motherfucking moment of time in your mind. Take the Lord with you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, emotions,Striques,I got to delete work back to you. I know, and I know you gotta handle the costs, but I don't get that in my life within my work design. Yeah. Yeah, laughing. Yeah. Well, what are we talking about that as to what we got of the Women in SA center? you
I'm not a dancer, I can't dance, you can look at me until I can. I just learned this shit here. Just got the motherfucker, just hey, hey! People look at you like you're gonna do that shit, no? You kiss my ass motherfucker. I just learned this shit, that's what got me on too. Now these hip-hop motherfuckers out here, man. I don't do it, little Jerry curl checking the room, that's what I'm looking for. Alright, don't get scared now, hang on, point you out in the shit. That's good, that's good, you know curls in the room. Oh, you know curl street, brother, you right on the goddamn street. And your shit's moist, I like that. You gotta keep your shit moist if you got a curl. Nothing in the world worse than a dry ass Jerry curl. Cause you, yo shit's moist, you took time to moist in your shit. You was in the mirror at home before you got here moistening your shit. You take a long time to moist in your shit, you been in the mirror going, you're gonna be in the mirror. You're gonna be in the mirror. You're gonna be in the mirror. You're gonna be in the mirror. And then you look at the man's bump, I think I need another bottle. This is great, this is great, I love this shit man. I'm getting older man, I'm getting older, that's cool, it's cool, ain't I? It's just dry, goddamn. God damn, you shit, you shit's dry. I like that no girl, I like that no girl. But I like this, this is younger cross, I'm getting older, I'm getting older. You know when you get older, when you get older you speak different, right? Like younger, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all speak different, it's a different type of language, y'all get help, it's a help language, you're universal, you've seen it, and they ride, what's up? In the head move, you've seen that? Amen, what's up? How you doing? You ever seen that? I'm gonna first, I'm gonna fuck where you go, they do it. Oh man, what's up? Then, then, when you get older like my age, you know, my man, I'm here like my daddy, my daddy don't do that shit. Oh man, speak differently, oh man, speak like this. Watch out there now. Oh man, don't do that. That's not gonna happen. I'm gonna fuck where you go, you know? I'm gonna fuck where you go. I'm gonna fuck where you go, you know? Oh man, keep going. Oh man, keep going. Come on, keep going. Come on, keep going. Love it, shit. Not in the world, man. That's making people laugh. I love it. Best job in the world. You get to see shit. You get to talk about shit. They say I have a commercial in Atlanta. I should live in Atlanta. I don't even know if they played it here. It was a cool-aid commercial. I'm gonna come here. The lady was on there. She'd come on the radio. She'd go, who's gonna call the Kool-Aid? Remember that? And look, girl, it go, dad. Dad, I'm gonna call the Kool-Aid. Oh, people go into Kool-Aid. Just, oh, God damn. What the hell is the bastard doing all the Kool-Aid? They didn't even swallow that motherfucker. Hold on now. Don't beat my kids in the moment. That's what I like about black people. We beat our kids. We forked their ass. We beat the fuck out of them. My daddy used to walk, man. Come on, come, come here. Stand right there. Hold your lips up here. Now get outside and play. Whop your ass. And then you got these people. You know who we are. I've seen you in the store. Some sad shit. You don't beat the kids. You don't beat them. You just grabbed them up, fuckers, and shake the fuck out. You never seen them. Just, you, fuck, you, fuck your ass. God damn, it's gonna rock out. Shake the fuck out. Son, get to... Well, the fun has a lucky piece out in your head. Thank you all, man.
Good night. You guys know one direction give round of applause Ike Harry Styles welcome the old fond of theater underline old come on now it's nice it's a nice neighborhood coming down here you have some fun driving down here you know when your Nav says if you get to Gangbang Street it's too far but if you're at Car Jack you're close it's nice I saw Homeless Go front and he was talking I'm gonna make him fun of Homeless people they're great they're not great they're okay but I mean they're like in the middle but I don't want to fucking hype him up but they're all right but I was walking from the bargain line he's walking with me David Spade you know they get a little too tight with you like I kind of want to go scoot but it's too rude he's like Dave it's spade walking along look at this guy from TV David Spade you know free blocks then he finally goes David Spade give me some money and I go you know what it turns into a casual robbery you're not really allowed to say now I go any cops okay well there's ten bucks that's pretty good I know you got more than where are the police people are just walking by I'm like stop me when you feel and he goes you show's on too many reruns man I go you have a TV in that box you just said you live in a box you have a TV he goes get on game of throwing man I go you have HBO in there I only made you upstairs upstairs nice you get it you know what's happening I like people are in shorts there's always someone in show what are you saving the pants for Louis CK what's happening honestly it's like I have shorts on today I'm going to spade tonight should I change no save them for when the next hunger games comes out that's where I'm doing movie where the pants I used to live down this crummy neighborhood I my first apartment was a loft you know that is where they have the beds sticking out of a wall and you have to get up there with a ladder and it sucks because the landlord goes it's a little rickety it's not too sturdy I don't want more than 500 pounds up there I go trust me I don't want more than 500 a day there this is me shorts guy you get it I feel good I took an ambient Monday woke up about two hours ago you know what ambient is look like a drug dealer man you know what ambient is stumbled here from one of the clubs empty your purse I I took an ambient it's a reason it's a prescription because I woke up the way I went to bed and this never happens like the exact weird way like this and then 15 hours later my huh oh oh oh oh I'm like that's what's sleeping is what the fuck I've been doing all my life you know not supposed to get up six times neat string cheese and pee play angry birds and email people my friends are like did you email me at 2.41 am I go you know what happened that was it seven but I think it gets stuck in the high cloud sometimes you know with the transmission there's some bugs I'm not sold I'm not sold in the eye cloud I hurt my neck I want a viking in right now I will admit that yeah it's not even my fault it's because I got a tooth pulled in June and so I have to be you know what I mean it's like mandatory I will say that 53 fill is a tough style I was at my doctor and I'm like I don't feel pain and now that feels weird I did up dick what do you care means everything to me I have a friend it's a pill popper actually a four I have four friends that they only want pills all the time so funny you have a guy like this whenever I take any pill he goes dude give me one I go you don't even know what it is he goes dude I'm married come on what does that mean I go this is for sinus infection it causes disease and cramps he goes dude I got kids help me it's going to feel different so I give him one I see him later he's cramped always like I hurt my neck in high school and this is why sometimes if you see me on Ellen or something I'm sitting kind of funny or I sit on my knees I just cannot sit in a couch it kills me I was in high school in a talent show how when I was a kid you know like I was a senior senioritis and I did this talent show and I did a dance number to match a man and at the end of the dance number I would do a backflip a standing back flip I could do it because I was in gymnastics and there's a few red flags in the story but we're not gonna focus on that we're just gonna sort of skim over the top so I'm backstage at the show at the talent show and it was held like in a place like this in the cafeteria where we had our major shit you know at the school and my buddy was in his crotty ghee also in matcha man and I go hey spot me during my backflip something to practice and then I go you know what don't spot me I have to do it in an hour so his job is nothing just watch the disaster unfold so I go like this hi and I'm supposed to land like this but I came out of my tuck lingo a little early and I miss my feet so I went poof all on my face so I bounce up on my oh squirting blood black paint from the stage and I get up and the guy goes you okay I go not at all and I walk away one knee black out I lose my memory for a solid hour like hardcore amnesia and they get like you know by the way when you're a kid and you get hurt in my family there's sort of an unwritten rule and unspoken you don't say anything like you're not allowed to get hurt you know I mean I don't know if we had insurance we didn't but around our house don't get hurt policy unless it's from the parents you know I mean because there was sort of a you're fine you know situation like anything you're fine I go my side feels like you're fine I go oh but the bone is sticking out you're fine little back teen back teen was literally air and the parents are like shoe we took care of that I'm like still a little painful because the bone so I knew that so I'm like going out going oh no I'm this is uncool and then they brought my mom back in a doctor from the house and the doctor goes he's a bit shook up and I go is that all you have are you from guns smoke you're not saying anything this isn't a term I have a category 200 concussion I have amnesia dude all right if I was in the NFL right now they would stop the game and chopper me out of there it would literally all the other on their knees like this you know the whole team and then even the other team is like faking it like oh man are you okay two pairs and I rest so the doctor's like nice bit rattled yeah he got his bell wrong these aren't things all right these aren't medical terms and then he goes you better take him right to the emergency room my mom's like oh my god of course so she goes Davie do you want to go to hospital or pizza hot oh my god pizza how they had asteroids never went to the hospital never got looked at jaw and then if you ever see me on like a letterman and I got pukeshell necklace it's all percussed I'm like oh you don't know when you're a kid if your family has any money because everything's fun when you're a kid like you don't you're told later you know like I guess we were brought I didn't know everything's you know you play with rocks whatever I knew I broke as I had a rock collection I look back rocks are free I didn't really you know put that together mom's like you should collect bottle caps it wasn't gold bars you know if you're a kid and you don't know if you have money like you don't even talk about it but we were poor and I didn't know I one time in fourth grade this kid busted this shit wide open he just walks up I'm gonna play around just chilling like over by the fence you know there's kickball and I'm literally minding my own biz and this kid comes over he goes hey I heard your family's poor I'm like by the way news to me and I go oh I think you've got some bad information by the way P.S. wanted dick you know because all the chicks are starting like like not really the panty dropper you wanted to be even in third grade like so I go uh no we're doing fine even though I don't know so they guy goes yeah it's a swear on campus your poor and I go oh then I start defending myself ah what do we have two tires on our lawn if we were poor yes I go no no you don't get it we have a car with the four tires and then we have two extra on the lawn you see how you broke I go what I wear the same thing every day I'm just hearing myself saying it going if I was poor and I remember my mom going where that again tomorrow you look great in it like such a scam the high ones and one more bamboozled by my own mom even crayons at school like in third you remember having that little ghetto four pack you get an eye-op if she swiped them here's your crayons for the year these four from cocos he's like like the ones we had yesterday yeah they they're very similar so I bring him to school like I'm Kingcock and I'm over there and this girl next to me is cute and the guy behind me is rich I guess for then and he had the big box of crayolas like 64 like the mega pack can't get anymore in there crammed in I've got my little four and I'm like and then this chick goes hey uh can I borrow a crayon I'm like why sure she goes do you have Bert Sienna and I go let me check got brown blue red and the guy's like I have Bert Sienna here you go up let me sharpen it on the box like a prick there's like here you go you know if you do blue and black together it's sort of a brush I'm good beret I saw the 99 cents throw on the way in here I almost went in because my show is not right now I was gonna check it out and then I held out a mile later 98 cents store yeah bring it home not to be a snob I just don't know what's in those stores because I don't know what cost that much you know what I mean because I go where they're thumbtacks and yarn what you know it's a whole store full everything and the only thing I thought was weird was the home pregnancy test this for the girl in the regular pharmacy going you know I want to find out if I'm pregnant but I'm not spending more than a buck to find out I'll just wait this will sort of figure itself out you know when you're crossing the street out here in L.A. you have the right of way when you cross the street the cars have to stop and it's always weird because it's sort of a power trip you know no one uses across walk everyone's like this hey that was a great lunch maybe later on when I cross I give the courtesy fake jog they're like just walks are you actually going slower I don't like people have too much safety in the protection the right away this woman's pushing her baby in the stroller but she's texting so she's sort of poking the kid out like a stick you know see what's happening out there and I'm pulling up and I know I'm supposed to stop but I'm texting too you know what I mean and I want to that's the idea it's just not a perfect science you know it usually works out and somehow as I go over that bulls-ent literally am I in a car like let's go to the movie like I'm on the street it's scary there's times and it's real touch and go people go you're on TV your movies it looks easy is it easy to act yes I mean yes it's not hard I mean obviously obviously people can do it it's not like other things this might be the easiest because you always hear about people doing it doing well I mean the Oscars this is the hardest thing you can do in acting the best of the best award of all actors right Jody Foster when I was growing up five years old she won an Oscar right her first movie Gabrielle Cibadee winner she is he was in precious never done a movie up for an Oscar last year beast of the southern wild five year old girl first movie up for an Oscar Jennifer Hudson American Idol gets eighth place on American Idol she can't win in the field she is trained her whole life for singing waltzes over to acting wins an Oscar her first try what's wrong with this it's like me hey I want to play the NBA oh you can't do that that doesn't look that hard I'm the MVP the first year you're better than LeBron I guess they just put in the hoop I didn't seem hard yeah embarrassing embarrassing for all of sad I was a little unnerved the other dicks my phone died and I didn't have my phone for a day it was nice now emails no stress no texting relaxing I'm getting I hated it it was so horrible I freaked out I couldn't survive I was having a panic attack and it wasn't even it was two hours it wasn't a day just so long as I could get to the store but meanwhile by the way I'm driving and I'm like I don't think I even know how to drive without texting I'm like what do I do like just drive and look at shit oh my god there's trees on my street it's so weird and a blackberry which sucks you know doesn't mean just like the Flintstones I liked it but you just got to move on with the iPhone you know and it's the part I didn't know is it tries to finish your sentences you know this where it's like jumps ahead a little bit and I was with a girl and it went all sideways on me and so the next day I said hey sorry for my bad form and it said sorry for my tiny weiner come on I funny your mind seemed like but then the guy said I take so many of these pictures you know like that it learns it's not their fault I get it by the way you're taking these pictures be careful guys because unless you're Chris Brown and you have this huge hog I like when Chris Brown's pictures get leaked out to the media oh my god I'm so bummed out my huge donkey dick is out on the internet like really are you really sweating bullets over this one I have a picture that was obviously your 15th selfie dude dude just the balls oh my god someone broke into my laptop and then they're on the internet really by the way dude how hard is that I can't even get in my own laptop half the time that's like password what's my password it's so funny I go I'm supposed to believe someone stole your laptop from the airport ran home crack the code found your weiner pictures and then set it to your 10 favorite websites and you put out a press release in a half hour really like oh my god please don't look at my dick pics here's the link and you know it's leaked because you never see an actor with a tiny weiner get those pictures leaked you know then you'd see some scrambling in Hollywood shut down the internet the whole internet huh it's figured this out let me think and if girls ever gift you with a dirty picture don't ignore it that's such a mistake answer quickly you don't wait nine hours then you get another text from her hey uh buddy chance did you get that picture of my pussy ah oh yeah no I did that was cool you did do that you're eating oh yeah no great send some more no no no more if you get a girl dinner you know she's kind of a run around sue is my mom's if you go hey send me a picture she's like um okay and then you get like some stock footage of her beaver from August you know this is you right now aren't you a cheesecake factory she's like no I'm in the bath there's a lot of candles it looks like so messy I date these girls and this is the biggest thing I get I never date really good looking guys I've always gone out with guys like you I go and they don't stop no no what I mean is everybody likes Johnny that Brad Pitt knows type of guys I've always gone out with guys like you I go I get it I don't see the fucking compliment anywhere I don't like guys with really big winners I don't it hurts it's sore I think about it all week I tell my friends I can't sleep it's always on my mind I like yours I can relax I don't feel a thing I can sort of figure out my week in my head I can text people it never crosses my mind again I never tell anyone about it I forget about it until the next time we have sex I go that's cool that's that's good that's good quality other than your girl and you have sex with a guy don't ever go you don't want a big dick I've had that unprovoked hey wait let me ask you motherfucker all right you don't fuck that yours is fine it's like slow motion it's fine who wants fine guys like you know what it does a jab when you're a swimmer you touch the wall and come back that's enough that's all you need why do you need more I go because it's great don't drink and drive folks that's the big message tonight there's a there's a DUI lawyer commercial I I don't work in the day the show's not on home all day first of all every add is geared toward the fact that you are a loser at home in search of a career I didn't know that like every add is you at home right now laying around hungover weed on the table you want to change all that I think maybe I could go to drive they say it's not too late it's DUI lawyer like it must be so rampant they have a commercial he's got the fake job ours and he goes I'm the best goddamn DUI lawyer out there you call me before it's too late I'm like yeah wait I don't get I call you before I get it it's like a awkward call hey what's up it's noon I just I'm going out later I didn't even drink but I realized I'm going to jail they have checkpoints checkpoints are bad when you're drunk I mean one time I drank and drove drove and drive one time and it was a mistake but I was horrified because I was in traffic at 3 a.m. on sunset which usually doesn't happen so I'm almost home like and then it's traffic and I'm always selfish in traffic I'm like they're better be an accident up here they better be a pile of dead bodies what's happening this is slow and the gross feeling when you realize you're in a DUI checkpoint I go what are the life oh fuck is this a DUI checkpoint no no no I can't be here hey I'm drunk I'm the last bird back it up back it up I'm boxed in go go go hey if we work together as a team we can get me out of here to save me come on no one's helping me and then I do the U-turn you know what a U-turn is a sign confession you know no cops believe you're like it's chilly maybe I'll get my windbreaker I'm so old when I grew up we didn't have DUI this is when America was great can you imagine not worrying about it at all oh this is music to my dad because he was a super drunk you know what I mean we'd come home from dinner and he's like there we go he's hitting dogs and mailbox is like anything in his way and then and it's a different conversation cop walks up hey did you know oh my god I didn't know you were a shit face I'm sorry I was like yeah beat it mom no I thought you're even a seizure you're just hitting so many things I know all right get lost and he goes listen maybe if you just took one beer out of one of your hands it would just help when he goes oh two hundred percent region and he goes no no I'm just brain storming and throwing and meanwhile we're in the back like help us we're flying around I'm Garfield on the window a little helmet on I was in Vegas recently I know a lot of people drive out to Vegas it's nice it's a nice 12 hour ride yeah everyone says like three hours I go it's never been they go if you go and there's no traffic I go well who's going on Christmas Eve like any other time oh yeah then it's really bad I go to bake I saw a lot of shows I saw a stomp if you heard of this one with the garbage cans I don't want to give it all away but if you get a chance I wonder the tropa can it's getting a little ghetto over there went there in the summer the pool hanging out you know it's sort of a buzzkill when somebody poops in the pool that's a tough one pooped in the pool I went freaked out I went to the other end I want to deal with it it's gross that one's screaming it was like breaking up I was like I think I'll go this way thank you almost got out you know because I'm a germafo I went skiing last year and I'm probably gonna go again I'm never any good I ski I snowplow I ski like I'm constantly looking for contact lens you know what I mean I'm like this everybody I always want to go on the green runs the easy ones you know so I tell my friends but they're all in a group and they want to go down together but I try to talk them and I go guys and think everybody I feel like we should start on pop tar let's go down that and they go nope we're going down devil's ball sack I go no no no no no no no no no one that one seems hard I tell you if we go down mother goose it sort of goes in the peekaboo and then down to pillow town which feels tricky and challenging but not overwhelming they go nope Hitler's abortion here we go two by two guys up then I'm on my own and I got the skis on I'm trying to walk up I got one in the chillin these muscles I never use then you get a little crooked no I want to go down try to go on the snack bar I have to pop those off it's even worse I've got the boots on I mean can we do something they have not changed this designed 50 years literally even on the moon they round them off but this is two center blocks from my attic can we get Nike involved I'm like trying to get a drink I'm like aca l torn oh we a skiing no I was getting a mr. Pim oh it's bad I get hurt easy I'm a total plus I had a hernia don't freak out it's okay I know it sucks it's really super sexy talk about girls like no what happens first of all if you go to the doctor if you're a guy and you have to do anything in the doctor they always check out your winner and it's a drag because if you're a dude you don't want it getting looked at it really shows well you know what I mean like an open-how it's not good especially if you're laying down you know what that burden and s look that's unattractive so I'm always trying to go like get some fluffage going you know I mean I go on a slap around like three pages of hustler nothing too crazy just get a couple C C's a plaza down there I don't want a full rod that's the wrong message but I want to get because I just don't want the doctor to go hey perfect health except for that tiny cock all right let me hand it in the internet so I don't want to do because I know if it's a two-hour exam like it's coming out at some point and I can't hold anything for a little bit I don't it's so stressful so I don't know what to do is just no plan and then I get in there and I'm freaking out right away he goes all right drop your pants like I hey whoa whoa that's talk like I turned into a chick you know I give now on and then I'm spinning and then I go oh my god who would bring a parakeet in here and he looks away and I go go go go no no no and he's like that's not too bad I got it that's just all day it's 24-7 sees me over there banging the drawer some life because I went I went to the doctor after I did a movie and I was like the day I got home I go I feel so weird and sore and so I go to the doctor's office and he's got a nurse in there this is the other trick guys don't let that happen so he goes drop your pants I go hey beat it first thing you do tell it to screen you know I go to see the magic Mike show get out of here I don't need to it so she leaves and I'm like and the guy's like you got a hernia here hernia here and he guys my balls goes want to get some sushi later I'm like no actually so he goes you gotta go right in the good operation I go so I go in an operation and they give you all these rules things you do in an operation don't do like normal ones like don't take aspirin don't do this and then it says no pets allowed in the OR oh really I'm not sure you don't need my raccoon Randy guys a bit of a chewer he won't bother anyone who's bringing pets in you know some will ladies get her dog so I go in there and the anesthesiologist is putting me under and I go hey if I live I'll give you a good recommendation on Yelp so by the way I'm under for four hours it doesn't take that long and I have to shave you which is so horrible because get those Ralph's lights in there you know it's just so bright and then you know they're like moving my ween around salad tongs so disgusting a couple guys in TMZ I'm going on and I'm like wait is that good you know because who's not taking a picture you know they got like me in my dick like selfies are you have no control four hours the operations a half hour in the rest of it is in like partying around my ween and I wake up like I don't think I need a full Brazilian guys but thanks and I get up and I'm so out of it I'm like oh and the nurse goes we have to give you a catheter I don't know what a catheter is if you get a chance grab one it's fun what it is is they take you know a slim gym as they jam it in your ween are for some reason I don't know what it does but they just start it doesn't fit by the way so they're ram it and they get two guys from game of thrones and when smashing it it's so horribly painful and I go to the nurse hey bitch I was asleep for four hours why don't you do it 30 seconds ago wake up wake up for the most painful thing you'll ever feel in your life I'm like where were you fucking reading us magazine for the last hour I'm out oh he's up okay high and she goes don't you where I go this is so gross you know I'll strap it your leg oh like I'm in young guns like she is that piss on your leg the girls go I went to the gyna that's even worse like that is worse you know for them for a girl it's weird it's very invasive and she goes oh they're a training a guy last week that's so horrible I go are you sure they were training you know you sure it wasn't the guys buddy in from college for the week Steve throwing a lab coat you got to see what I do all the this out is this so funny look at it do you like what the lights on it's funny accurate get in there she doesn't care you don't care to you this guy is a doctor from doctor place I want to strip club Vienna I'm just gonna tell you this I'm only telling you about this strip club because if I talk about it my act it's a write-off I went to this place I just want to get my 90 grand back now I went to this strip club it's called Cheetos or Cheetos no not Cheetos Cheetos and I make it rain you know me I'm like a rapper I don't give up these guys these rappers they make it rain and they think they're so cool they're like singles you know they got the ones they got a hefty bag full of ones what is that $180? it's not that big of you but they're like Instagramming on the way to the club so I realize it's sort of embarrassing for the girls because it's a little undignified and the strippers they get a lot of money it's raining obviously on them but they've got you know you can only hold X amount of dollars in your hand like this you know I was like and then there's like how many in a little strap there and then the rest is on the ground so at the end of the song it's all sexy then it gets a weird when they got to get down to these like scrape scrape scrape Melissa give me a second scrape and they got a dust buzzer I feel weird when I go because their naked so fat I don't know what to do you grow up you date girls you're like and weeks go by they close come off this is 15 seconds fully new and it just jars you you're either one way you're either the awkward guy which I am where I go whoa birthday suit that's what they call it yeah now these are my friends no it is chilling it's all cool it's all good in the hood yeah yeah no it is partying blah blah blah that's where babies come from you know they don't like that or you're the quiet psycho nice step away not all models in the old strip clubs either no there's some rough trade running around oh some dinged up shit yeah not everyone's getting late either unless you're the one to go the key love coke and a babysitter it's not happening it's girl because not to me she goes you want to dance I go table dance what's that I played dummy not so smart I go what's up she goes well DJ plays a song I strip off all my clothes and the song you me 20 bucks I go I mean that feels like it's just right now there's a recession okay I'll do it she doesn't invite on it so I go right she's like and the guy's like this love is taken it's so you say goodbye too many time is break it in front of me I have no choice and I don't say it what's going on and that's the the song came unplugged they didn't I go no there's electrical store maybe an earthquake or oh my god is that how they get you they don't play the whole oh my god oh that's good they got me you got me asshole you did it got another guy stupid it worked hey it tricked me good job there's your 20 go high five all your stripper buddies she goes you want another dance I go I want this bitch once yeah I'll take one more that's a song you get the fuck it works you damn it one more this is why I'm broke actually here's one trick you can do when I was doing Tommy boy in Toronto Chris would we go to this you can do to your friends he would go to the strip club and he'd find me the roughest rattiest grossest stripper and he'd buy me 10 table dances in a row from her and it's so horrible because there's nothing you can do you have to ride it out it's too mean so I'm stuck with this pops out of the back how's it going yeah your run budget 10 dances that's a real good guy I don't give too many dances no more I'm in a bit of a forced retirement I got my bum leg that's mostly cuz the snow oh I'll feel this one a more I should have stretched I need to keep that prednisone in my system oh boy I'm gonna pull a hammer we're gonna have a real nice hour 20 yeah courtesy of your buddy I got the flu a little bit you can't catch it's the first day hey let's do this I want to dig my heels into the shag I want to make sure I get my beaver up there in your drawer my kid loves Joe dirt oh how old is he he's 47 holy shit that's higher than I thought you'd say you guys thanks for coming out I'll see you next time bye bye
Yeah, get it up for G. George. Yeah. Fuck is this a family reunion? Yeah. God damn, it's Brooklyn in the house. Yeah. All right, we're gonna set this off, fashion your seat belts. This should have definitely real. Now how many of you are like sex? We're gonna talk about sex. Now check this out just the other day, right? I went to the top floor of the world tracing it. They got a barbed in there. And I see this bitch got mobut in a box of new clothes. Dragging the wagon, plinny junk in a truck. So I specialized on porn. I said, um, mostly poo. You're a sugar blumas. I mean, uh, what's the flavor, neighbor? I'm ready to suck a fart out your ass. Shit. As a matter of fact, I'm ready to spin, bend, slide it, be no guts. Spin open your butt and bust a ferocious nut all over your chest and rub it in like it's carrying my lotion. Girlfriend said, no, go. Why don't you act like he should raise up off me? Because I don't need to let the wafer and feed your mother, major, mother fuck you. Now, put some wheels on the hills to skate for I be five jazz. I said, baby, why are you talking like that? She said, cause my name is Polly Oda Ho. That's why I got a little cheese back here. I don't think you can handle it. I said, well, baby, if you was mine, I was sucked at cheese out your toes. Corretto, kneecap, cheek to blueberry, crudders out your butt, tongue is your armpit, drink your back, hold on to the crazy straw. And as long as I gotta face you, got somewhere to sit. Well, girlfriend said, well, come on. Let's go to the bar and talk about this. I said, well, the heavens clever, Miss Trevor. So I'm following by honor, looking at the cheese, go left the right, rousing, goddamn. So we sit down, we drink a long island ice teas, kicking the political blizzard, propaganda, rhetoric, and bogus. You know, the willy bobo rubbing each other, him playing fucsies all the sudden, the door kicking, but do. When a smoke cleared, see the mother fucker with a straddle, long as Dick Tracy, with a screw face like Shobba Rakes. Get his hand in his pocket like this. I said, oh my god, I do go rob the joint. I only got 15 soon over Chinese loop, my clothes. I'll be fucked up. I gotta take that iron horse tonight. Oh my god, bad enough I'm trying to get girlfriend to pay for these long island ice teas. No, I'm saying. Anyway, instead of pulling out of Mac 10 with a banana clip, guess what this mother fucker pull out? Oh, 40. He said, this shit here is guarantee to make every day in your bedroom some type of spectacular. Girl, forgave me the elbow. Said this bull can't snicker. Soft and velvet at cheese, he's like a baby shoe. He booty, he can't throw right side of the chain, he's wetting. Ain't gonna hurt none, none die. I should be fine to his ass. I said, chill, baby, hear the man out. He said, for example, took a goggle. It walked out the window. Now remember, we are hundred and some stories in a fucking hell. This is mother fucker. Walk out the window, go around the motherfucker building, and come back in a go, dada-a-ah, like Roger Rabbit. No girlfriend saying, let me at that bottle. She asked the shit drunker down to the suds, threw a bottle back, did a dance like she was Greek turn around said, don't let my drink get hot. I said, bitch, where's you going? She said, one foot out the window, and fell, 100-some stories to her death. Boy, I tend to wipe in a motherfucker table of reason. Superman, you're a funny mother fucker, some time, I swear to God. I got to go, man, they got me on short time. I'm gonna put some wheels on my heels and skate, man, I'm outta here like Belvedere, no underwear. Peace to my man, Tarella, peace to Brooklyn. Y'all take care, y'all lookin' nice tonight.
. II . money so I am up! Come on man. Buddy, come on man let's wake up. Let's go dude. It's not even wake up baby. Wake up baby. Get your ass up! Whoa man get up dude. Stop swinging homie man wake up. Get it up! Wake your ass up Zoe! I love you. I love you too. You ready to get up? Oh shhh. Stop you dude. Get away from me. Hey where's mom? She left us and this time it's for good no thanks to you guys. Then why do you leave this list? Because I mess with you. What does it say? Whoa. It's long. Laundry pick up clothes from cleaner, room dogs, from toilets, grocery shopping, set up tax appointment, pay gas bill. Let's go guys. Come on. Let's go hustle hustle up. Nice hustle Zee. Let's go. Alright Zoe nice. Daddy did you finish the list? Hey guys I hope you got your PJs on. And they all lived happily ever after. V and what a great story guys right? So it's time to go to sleep I'm tired I know you guys are. You have a story for you daddy. About what? A famous comedian. Really let me guess his name was Todd Rex. No, he Rex. Really? What happened? He had a big special coming up. A super big special coming up. Special nice. Everybody in the crowd was so excited to see T Rex. And then what if his comedian friends brought them up on stage? Alright ladies and gentlemen coming to the stage please welcome one of the funniest comedians and human beings that I know. So one and only Mr. Todd Rex. Wow this is amazing this must be very amazing for you you're welcome. You're welcome this must be very amazing for you. Thank you guys for coming out this is fucking fantastic. I can't tell you how excited I am to be here right off the bat. I have four kids so I'm happy to be anywhere these motherfuckers aren't. You know you have kids you know what I'm talking about you love them but sometimes you just want to get the fuck away. Because beating it is illegal. So I just go on the road for a few days. My kids cry, daddy are you really leaving for another five days? I'm like doing it five days or five to seven years motherfuckers. I'm about to catch a charge. I can be back Monday I can be back for graduation. Four of them and my oldest is 24. She graduated from Wesley in two years ago. And our youngest is in diapers. Yeah he's 15. It's kind of fucked up at our house man. Stupid not stop shitting his pants. I can't tell if he's smart or stupid. Dude just those shitting your pants are like dude you're still changing them. You got a point one of us needs to knock this off. Like kids will rob you of your time, your freedom, your money, your fun. You know your ability to stay up late and take all that but you'll go back and fuck and make more. That's how good that vagina is. Like let's do another one I don't care. My life is already over at this point. That's a gamble right? And it's the worst gamble the odds are horrible. Ten minutes of XC for 18 years of responsibility. There's a horrible odds. That's why I'm like old ladies now man. Hot ladies don't even turn me on like hot girls hot chicks. Don't do it for me anymore man because three of my four kids were conceived when my wife was on birth control. One was the pill and other two times was IUD. I don't even know what an IUD is. My wife tried to describe what it is to me but all I can picture is it's not work and number one. Number two I can only imagine it's like a crown on the tip of my penis going to the side like, ah where the eggs at? Wakey wakey eggs and bakey. How do you watch an egg? Let's do this. Let's make lives and ruin them at the same time. That's why I like old ladies hot girls we go to Vegas and we go all over the country we see hot girls. And I'm like, why do you think about her? I'm like, ah that's a baby waiting to happen right there. She's fertile I'm potent I can't have that. I need an old lady in my life. My friends like, I'm not the wrong with a cool girl. I'm like, cool girl I need a saber tooth. I need them old. I don't chance a pregnancy like even if she does get a pregnancy there's no way that she's going to make it to term either. Like you want to term me on tell me at last doctor's appointment he told you to get your affairs in order. That's what I want to hear. How do you go with the doctors, Maude? You told me to tie up any loose ends I may have. Hell yeah, dude. Let's go back to your house and have sex in that hospital bed in the living room. I'm the one who I am the better I like. I need the white hair upstairs and downstairs. I won't even click on a video unless the thumbnail looks like she's sitting on a colonial wig. I'm not bony old ladies right. But you know, four kids though man. Wow, that'll make you real evaluate. Like I can't tell you how many times like if you have kids you know they always want to look at your phone. They always want to talk to you, XM, Disney, all the other, you know the shit that little kids do. I just got to get away from my at least three times a day. I act like I'm taking a dump just to go in the bathroom and get some peace and quiet. I'm sitting on the edge of the tub just looking around the room. Checking stuff out looking at grout lines. I never use to pay attention to grout lines. Just to get away I can probably do those tiles better. I'm not even a homeowner like that. I call people to fix them like I can fucking do that better. Daddy, what are you doing in there? I'm snapping off a stink pickle man. What do you think I'm doing? Why are you sitting on the tub? Are you fucking looking under the door dude? Come on man, give me some privacy. Why are you sitting on the tub? Look man, I paid the mortgage. I'll shit where I want. When you pay the mortgage you can take a dump of this thing. I don't care. This dude is looking. Now I got to be a method actor. Now I got to put my pants and underwear into the floor and be in front of the toilet. I'm not even sitting on the toilet. One time I was standing in front of the toilet. Pants and underwear around my ankles and I got a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I looked awful. Telephone in my hand, tee shirt on and dick out. Like, when do you the poo? I was like, what the fuck am I doing right now? Did you get my shit sick stuff? But I do like to get out of the house man, four kids man. My 24 year old just got to be the lazyest kid on the fucking planet. Like she wanted to get her own tampons. I'm going to the store. I'm like, she's way going. I'm going to the store. Okay, you'll see when you get back. And then 10 minutes later she'll call me. Oh, are you at the store yet? Yeah, I'm at the store. Can you pick me up some tampons? I'm like, why the fuck didn't you add? Why don't you come with me? You knew I was coming. You can't get your own goddamn tampons. You're like, you don't know what it's like. We don't know. I'm too dizzy from the plug loss. My underwear looks like the first 48. It's a crime scene. Yeah, that's right. I hate buying, I always feel like I'm robbing a bank when I go into buy tampons. I have to case the joint first and fucking walk it around. Make sure I don't know anybody in this motherfucker before I put some tampons on the counter. I don't know if you know this lady's, but guys, we make judgements on your vagina based on the tampons. Your man puts on the counter. I'm standing in line behind the duty of those of the box on the counter. I'm like, God damn. Super absorbent with odor control. Like, no fucking deal. You even want to go home right now? Like, you're fucking out. Dude, just keep fucking heading south. What the fuck are you doing? Ode control. Like, super size looks like a stick of dynamite with a tugboat rope hanging off the end of it. A broom-shimp docking rope. I'm calling my daughter. I'm like, all right, I'm talking to her on the phone. I'm like, all right. I'm like, what's one's do you want? She's like, I need you to get me the sport tampons. I'm like, who the fuck is this? Sport. You're the lazyest bitch in the house. What the fuck do you need? Sport tampons for. Why don't you be a sport and get off the fucking couch and get your own fucking tampons? Instead of sending me down here. Just look for the girl running on the box. No, I'm not looking for the girl running. I'm looking for the fucking chick laying on the couch with the crumbs on her fucking chest. Fucking remote control. I'm looking at the TV. I want to see the TV glow on the box on your face. The lazy millennial tampons. This is a box of bald-up napkins. You just put them in their underwear. The sport ones are just a couple of tube socks. They're just sport tampons with two socks. Actually, I don't mind going to the store to get tampons. It's a, you know, getting tampons is a small price to pay for 20 minutes of freedom out of the house. I'll go to the store and get them damn tampons. But I got to sneak out of the house. My kids know I'm going to the store. They want to come with me. The little ones are like, we want to go! Ice cream chips! I'm like, fuck, I got to sneak out. So I open the garage door and go through the garage so they can't hear me open the front door. By the time they realize I'm out of the house, I'm already sideways down the driveway. That's my time. Now I'm doing me. If you're a parent, you know what I'm talking about. Like, you're like, holy shit, I'm by myself. I don't know what the fuck to do. Why don't I have kids? Oh my god, this is amazing! I'm fucking listening to hip-hop with all the cuss words. Fucking smoking weed in the car. I'm jerking off. Woo! Fuck the police! Woo! Throwing the bars up out of the sunroof, head out the window like, ACE Venture. Woo! My neighbors think I'm crazy. What the hell is wrong with you? Come on, you know I have children! My 20-minute vacation to the store always turns into nothing less than an hour for no other reason than I had ejaculated and fell asleep in the parking lot. I'm ashamed to tell you how many times I'll wake enough 45 minutes later with my dick stuck to my stomach. Shuffle you through the female products aisle. Come home, my wife was like, really? It took you an hour to go to the store. I'm like, I was looking for the specific tampons with the chicken and kayak on the box. Couldn't find them. She was like, you jerked off again, didn't you? What? This is ridiculous. Why would you think I jerked off in the parking lot? Because when you left the house, you were wearing two socks. Where's your other sock? You're ridiculous. You know, you better hope no one gets murdered in that parking lot. They're going to scour the parking lot, find one of your nutty socks and tie you to that murder. Tie me to that nutty sock. There's a preposterous hypothesis. Fast forward to 2.30 in the morning. I'm losing sleep. Restless laying in bed. That's a problem. Go down there and get that fucking sock. I can't go to jail for a fucking sock. I've talked a lot of shit about my family, but I love my kids, man. It's beautiful, man. They drive me nuts, but I wouldn't have it any other fucking way. I have three girls and a boy. My boy is the youngest. He's not really 15. He's seven. He's not a diapers. I'm not a diapers. I'm not a diapers. I'm not a diapers. I'm a diapers. He's not a diapers. But having three girls is a lot different than having boys. My mom was like, you have to raise them on the equal playing field. I'm like, you can't raise them on the equal playing field. She's like, why not? Because girls are different than boys. It's just true. You can't raise them the same. Say there's two parents sitting at home and they both get a call from the school and one's a little boy and one's a little girl. And they call from the school and say, hey, we found a little girl in the closet sucking a little boy's neck. What's parent you want to be? to be. Right? They're different. Like when you got girls and it's different from boys like my son, I just have to worry about his dick. With girls, I can worry about all the dicks. And I hate it. All the dicks are coming to my house looking for my older daughters. They're all talking all genuinely when they meet me like, oh, Mr. Rex, you got a nice house here, Mr. Rex, you must be doing very well for yourself. Oh, is that the Mrs. What a stunning vision of beauty. Now I see where your daughter gets it from. I hate I hate. When my kids start doing this when they look at your wife, I hate I hate. My brother told me he's like, look, man, you want to scare these kids? What you got to do is get a pistol clean the pistol when they come over. I'm not going to come. I'm not cleaning the pistol in front of these kids. Half these kids probably got better weaponry than I got. I started cleaning the gun and the kid walked in. Oh, I got one of those two except my firing pins filed down. So that's just auto. I'll let these kids know I'm crazy on the whole nother level. They come into my house. I scared the shit out of them. They come to the door. I see him pull up in the driveway. I come to the door and gear. I got my roll bond, some sandals in the sombrero. As naked underneath. All that shit was in my dick. The semi. It's not hard. It's just nothing. It's not touching the nuts. The fuck is wrong? Oh, it's slowly masturbating. Make eye contact. The creepy eye contact with no face expression is what sells it. Like just know it. Like you're doing it, but don't even like it. You got to follow those little creepy shit. Like yo, come on in young man. Have a seat next to that jar of Vaseline with all the hair in it. The threat of getting touched by a grown man's penis is stronger than the threat of getting shot. Like we're probably put a gun on my face. I had to like, ah. Get me an vital organ with the fucking business. That dick ain't circumcised. I don't know if I can take that one. See, as you know, they can think it's scary getting a fight and see what happens. You take your dick out. The dynamic of the fight changes immediately. You begin to ask me, like, fuck, oh, shit. Okay. I'll write this. I'll do it. As soon as your dick comes out, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, don't touch me with that dick. Stop playing, man. Stop. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, trying to get your friends. Hey, so tackle this motherfucker. Your friends, like I'm like in my new shirt all dicky. That's right there with me. I'm sorry. I'll clean it up. Me and my wife, we named all our daughters together. Taylor, Zoe, and Zion, my youngest daughter Zion, she's nine. She asked where we got the names from for our daughters, where all the kids in the family. And Taylor was like, yeah, this should be fine. So we sat down and it's like, all right, guys, gather around. Let me tell you how you got your names and what they mean. I was like, Zion, since you asked what your name means and where it came from. Well, Zoe used to love lions and she wanted to name you a Z name, but she decided how about Zion, like lion, but with a Z. So we named you Zion. And it's cool because they mean safe haven and a protector of man. And she was like, yay. And then Zoe was like, what is my name? Me and I was like, Zoe means life. And that's exactly what you've given us by being here. You've given us life. And she was like, oh, that's so sweet. And Taylor was like, looking at her phone. She was like, what is my name? Me. And I was like, a fixer of clothes. That's the first time I ever heard her cut. She was like, mother fuck, a really? It was easy to name all our girls together because we just sat down and we came up with names together and it was a process. But I don't know what it was about after having three girls having a boy finally putting this them on the apple. I wanted to name my son. I wanted him to have the coolest name on the planet. Like, you know, our last name is Rex, which means King and Latin. It's a great last name. So I'm not going to have like Elliott Rex. You know, your name is the only I'm sorry. But Elliott's going to be like, fuck this guy. Elliott's of the world tonight. This guy. So I decided that I was going to be the sole one to name my son because I have a pretty cool idea of what I want to name my son out of cool, you know, a couple ideas. And my wife is like, we should, we should have a conversation about what we are naming our son. And no, she doesn't really sound like that. But that's the voice I go to when I start losing arguments and every guy in here does that with their wife. Yo, you coming over to watch the game? Yo, I was going to, but then my wife came home talking about, we're going to do a movie. We're going to go do a wide tasting and there's going to be more now and be no, go easy. I want you to be amazing. Bridget from HR is going to be here. Women, you do the same thing you made it. You make it sound like you made the dumbest dude on the planet. You made my wife does it all the time. I never said I was taking the dish out of the dishwasher. She's like, yes, you did. You were like, oh, my day's the day's just other than that. It's going to pull them away too. They're going to be so proud of me. And then I'm going to lay on the couch and scratch my penis for three hours. Oh, that's what I said. I'm going to scratch my penis. You said, you're going to get me. I'm going to get me. I'm going to get me. I'm going to get me. My poor kids are watching this shit like, would you guys knock it off at the school night? I'm trying to with your mom's like, yeah, because your dad's like, no. Poor kids. So my wife is very intellectual. She's the smartest person outside of marrying me. She's the smartest fucking person I've ever met in my life. That's her clapping like shit. That's the bad shitty sad all right. So when I had to shut the names down that she had chosen, I had, you know, I just had to shut them. I can't just say, I don't like that name. I had to come up with a ridiculous reason. The more ridiculous the reason the better it is for me because it shows I put in some effort. So she, she, I saw the list ahead of time. So I had a shit plan. So she was like, okay, why have some names? I was like, let me hear these bullshit names. You got picked out. I just started talking different around the house. I was like, super macho about it. I was like, let me hear these names that you have picked out these bullshit names. And she was like, well, what about the name Cody? I'm like death sentence. And she was like, what? I was like, Cody's don't live to be old. You never met an 80 year old Cody. 80 year olds walking around shady acres or timey community. Hey, they called me the coaster. This is my best friend Tristan. Cody's always die young doing dumb shit like ex-game stuff, wing-suiting and jumping dirt bikes. Watch the ex-games. Watch somebody kids who name Cody. Those motherfuckers don't live long. She wanted to name my son after me. My name is Todd. Fucking Todd. It's not even a name. It's a sound. Todd. It's not short for anything. My name is not Todd. I think it's a fucking Todd. My brother's name is Greg, but his full name is Gregory. When he got in trouble, my mom was like, Gregory. There's no way to fucking extend my name because he just steps, say it longer. Todd! Maybe put another syllable in there. Todd! Two whole shit-yory pork-heart soundsters. Todd. It sounds like some K-match. It doesn't mean Todd. Todd. Todd. Todd. Todd. Todd. Hard, constant vowel, constant Todd. It's a sound. It's the same sound a turd makes after a roll is out of a giraffe's ass. Put. And I'm a light-skinned black dude named Todd. I don't sound scary at all. You're describing to somebody that doesn't know. A light-skinned black dude named Todd. I used to go to school with a kid named Mike Thomas. This kid was blue-black. You see, you put people like that. It's like Superman Harry. When Superman's Harry gets hit with the light, his hair looks blue. That's how this kid Mike was. I was sitting in math class one time and the sunlight came through the window and hit the back of Mike's neck and I was like, this is not the fucking blue. My buddy, Donnie, he was next to me. He was a fuck of me. He was like, yeah, I met his parents. His dad's a Negro. His mom's a mailbox. His nickname was black Mike. It sounds fucked up, but there's 30 kids named Mike in high school and you didn't want to have to run down their whole pedigree. He just said, which Mike you talking about? Fucking black Mike. The purple kid from algebra. Got it. It sounds fucked up. It's a good way to like narrow it. We had Chinese Mike. The fucked up part about that is he was Filipino. No one even put in the legwork to find out what kind of Asian this guy was. Slanted eyes, he's Mike. This is fucked up, but it's that's high school. We were idiots. Black Mike got respected immediately because his name was he was fucking black and his name was black Mike. That's some scary shit. You said in class in 10th grade. Some of this is a man. I don't know what you did. The black Mike is looking for you. You might get a little nervous. Holy shit. Really? I'm gonna fight some dude named black Mike. I want to fight black Mike. No. I got to go to college in two years. I didn't strike that same fear in your heart. You're sitting in class and some of this is an A man. I don't know what you did, but Bayes Todd is looking for you. Bayes Todd. Isn't that that khaki kid from home economics? Man, tell him I said fuck you and step on the sandals for me. My wife told me I'm pantyhose colored. She said that right in the middle of an argument. It defused the argument immediately. I couldn't argue after that. I started laughing. I was like, should I fuck you pantyhose color motherfucker? I was like, fuck you. That's funny, but I'm fucking too. I can't come back from pantyhose. I used that to my advantage. We started arguing about money. I'm like, what do you want me to do? Start robbing banks. I can't have pantyhose on my face. I look exactly the fucking same. I'm a black dude living in Los Angeles. I'm not allowed to buy a ski mask. I don't know if you know that. Black people can't buy ski masks in a warm weather climate. Why people going to big five throw a fucking ski mask on the counter? They're ringing right up. I throw it on the counter. They want to do a background check. There's a three day waiting period. They're like, buying it going. They're like, really cool to kentay. You're heading up to the mountains this weekend. Hitting the slopes, are you? Yeah, nice try. Put it back. Not on my watch. Not on my watch. So my name was out of the question. She wanted to name my son Chase. My daughter Zoe has two friends named Chase. Both great kids. Athletes, scholars, great kids. My wife was like, what's wrong with Chase? She's your name, our son Chase. And I was like, we can't name our son Chase. And she was like, why not? And I was like, because there's no black chases. All the chases we know are white. And she was like, so. And I was like, so you know how they call my friend black, Mike? What are they going to call our son? Chase the black kid. That sounds like a horrible game played in Charlottesville. My son walked outside. Hey, there he is. Chase the black kid. All the other black kids like, wait, no, no. Relax, I'm a week. Where are you going, Jamal? Talking about him, Chase, comma, the black kid. Punctuation is very important. I made t-shirts that I thought were hilarious, you know, because I'm half black and half white. So my t-shirt said half black lives matter. And I sew these shirts and just dude in Charlottesville, North Carolina bought one shirt on a Friday night and brought it back Saturday. He was like, dude, he had a bald up in a bag. And he's like, take the shit back. I don't even want my fucking money back. I just got to let you know that almost got killed wearing that fucking shirt. And I was like, why? And he was like, because you need to hyphenate half black. Because it just says half black lives matter. Now I'm walking around a white dude with a shirt that says half black lives matter. Like, not all you niggas of matter. It's the only half of you, man. Let's not be ridiculous. We need some shit gun around here. But the rest of you go back to Africa. Chase. My wife was like, this is black kids name Chase. I was like, you never met a black kid named Chase. It's just starting looking up at the ceiling trying to find the answer. And I was like, you've never met a black kid named Chase. Just like you've never met a baby named Larry. I want you all to think about that first thing. It isn't that so weird shit. Like, think about everybody in this room knows Larry, but not a single person in this room is ever met a baby named Larry. Where the fuck are they coming from? If they've never been babies, right? You didn't know Larry growing up. He met Larry in your 20s. That's because that's how old they are when they let him out of the fucking factory or the lab or whatever it is. Fucking Larry of 51, wherever that is. Larry's 25, 26 years old. They open the lab, let him out. He's fucking stumbles into society. He's fucking, he's afraid. He doesn't know anybody. That's why all your friends name Larry is a great fucking guy. He's a sweet heart. He just wants to be accepted. He'll give me the last dollar out of his pocket. He'll help you move without asking for anything in return. Great fucking guy. Sweet heart. Never been a fucking baby, but a great fucking guy. You think I'm bullshit and ask your friend Larry to see a baby picture or he can't produce it. It's creepy. Let me see a baby picture. Larry, come on man. You know they got burned up on the fire of 96. You're a never fucking baby, Larry. I'm on to you. Larry, whatever your real name is, experiment 626 or whoever you are. So yeah, man, like I said, my last name is Rex, which means King and Latin. That's why I go by T-Rex a lot of the time. People ask me like, why you go by T-Rex? Like comedians, I check in the hotel and they're like, you're real? Last name is Rex. I'm like, yeah, motherfucker, that's where T-Rex. I'm Todd Rex. Taylor Rex. Zoe Rex, Zion Rex, Sarah Rex, Marguerite Beck Rex, Greg Rex. It's my whole family. So what did I name my son? You might be asking? Probably the coolest name of the fucking planet. My son's name is Maximus Rex. Maximus Rex, are you not entertained? When he came out of hell to mupples, like leader of the free people, general of the republics army. My wife was still on drugs on the bed like, nothing gets out of Beige Todd. Beige Todd. I don't rule my moment. She was appalled by the name. She was like, are we really naming this dude Maximus Rex? Really, his name is Maximus Rex. He's either going to be a dragon slayer or a hairdresser. And dragons aren't real. Still prepare for the Thalon Maximus. Okay. Thalon Maximus. She kept on saying it with that super wet, effeminate S. I hear it all the time. I go into stores with my kids. And I can't say the name of the store, but let's just say it's like one less than forever 22. Walking with my daughters and looking for some earrings or whatever, like, so Sarah, there's something I can help you search for. Something special for that certain someone perhaps. I'm like, damn dude. Yeah, my daughter's looking for some earrings. Oh, you want to talk to Steven from accessories. Steven from accessories. I'm summoning you, sir. Steven comes prancing in and pops all the new to the bottom. Stop, Steven, you savage. I'm still sore from Sunday's deskipades. And I'm joking, obviously. I don't want anybody to get offended. This guy came out. I was doing a show in Vegas a few months back. And this guy came up to me up on the show. I was in the casino. And he comes up to me and he's like, excuse me, sir. And I was like, what's up, man? And he was like, I just thought your show. And I was like, oh, nice. And he was like, nice. I wasn't giving you kudos. I was like, oh, I've never heard that word used for real before. Like, like in the wild. I've never heard that. Kudos. Where did they do that at? And he was like, actually, I have a bone to pick with you. And I was like, this is getting fucking worse. A bone to pick. And he was like, actually, I was defended at your ridiculous choice of characterizations of whatever it's called the impersonation when you were doing a super wet ass. It was ridiculous. And I'm like, like the one you're fucking doing right now. He was like, well, guess at all. And before you ask, I am on the other team. And I was like, wasn't going to ask. And he was like, what I'm saying is you being a comedian so many years, I thought you'd be a little more creative and maybe come up with a different voice than the most stereotypical one out there. Maybe try a different one. And I was like, he's like, not all gay men sound like this. And I was like, all right, man, I wasn't trying to make it sound like all gay men sound like that. All right. I apologize if I offended you. And he was like, thank you. And I was like, although not all gay men sound like that, I will say that all men that sound like that are gay. And he accepted that. We came to a happy meeting. He was like, Touche, Touche. And it fucked me up. Then he complimented me on my show. And then he left. But the fucked up thing was his face left about a second and a half after his body. He was like, you're fantastic otherwise. And I was like, holy shit. His body knew where it was going before his face. But that's confidence. Your body just starts to leave you. Like his body is like, I'm out of here. His face is like, I'm going to take a couple more seconds. Risk out. There's a risk there. We're going to. We're all going the way. Come on, head. Keep up. It was okay. I have a friend who's son and his gay. And we've known he was gay since he was five years old and he's 17 now. And all of our friends that he's hanging out used to say like, dude, is this kid? Maybe it is. Really. It's not a choice. Maybe you really are born that. And I hadn't seen this kid for 12 years and see his father and we're talking. And I'm like, so how's he doing? He's like, oh man, it's cool. I mean, he's 17 now. Last time he saw him, he was five. Just found out he's gay. And I was like, I'm not fucking, you just found out. We were having football parties in your house and he was coming out with his football jersey tied up in the front. That wasn't like. Like nothing. But you can't say that you knew. You have to act like you never knew. You have to act like you never knew. No, I was over the top of that. I overcomposed. I was like, nah, not a little dance to Lady Killer. Not a little dance to vagina record for real. Nah. I was over the top of my boy. I was like, God damn, you knew this whole time. I was like, what kind of dude? He's like, I don't know what to do, man. And I know you got a young son, man, and man to man as dudes out here raising little soldiers. Now he's trying to get milled to know me. Raising soldiers out here in the streets. If he found out your son something big, how would you make him stop? I can tell you that when I was about 12 years old, my dad caught me smoking a cigarette and he made me smoke 20 back to back. He was like, what? I was supposed to make my son change some 20 days, man. You want my son change some 20 days? I was like, calm down, man. I never got past the third cigarette. Can you handle three? Rast him out. Don't give him all 20 at once. You might lose his mind. Then you're going to find yourself coaching the dick sucking. No, it's not the one time. Stop coaching. I get asked some of the weirdest shit about my complexion. Like, we were down, I went down to Charlotte and we were performing down there. And we went to Charlotte Motor Speedway. The club was like, you guys want to go check out the NASCAR experience? And it was the Coca-Cola 600 or whatever was going on. So we went down there and checked it out. But I was ordering food and there was food truck. And this dude asked me if the weirdest, I never been asked this question before. It was offensive. I'm ordering my food. This dude comes up behind me and he was like, hey, dude. And I was like, kind of looked over my shoulder. I'm like, what's up, man? He's like, hey, dude, I don't want to sound ignorant or nothing. You know what that means. I was like, what's up, man? He's like, hey, dude, what are you? And I was like, what am I? And he was like, yeah, I mean, you know, what are you? And I was like, I'm a fucking carbon-based life form. I'm an oxygen breather, man. But he was like, I don't know for the fancy word, dude. I'm just saying, I mean, you're kind of dark-skinned, but you talk regular. I was incredulous. I didn't know what to say. I was like, well, you're white and you don't. He took a page out of the other guys where he was like, Tusha, Tusha. Rednecks often do that. They use foreign language to make it appear that they're smarter than they really are. You ever watch cops that do this? Beats those white cops? Let me come in and talk to you. Hey, dude, I'm trade. Me, Casasue, Casasue. These are the foreign language. Hi, baby. Look at my new hat. I just bought it. Well, I'll be a lot, be a dog. That's French for a big whoop. Rednecks, to me, are the scariest motherfuckers on the planet. I don't fuck with rednecks. She clapping, you know what I'm talking about. People talk about terrors, and all the... yeah, terrors are scary, but rednecks are the scariest motherfuckers on the planet. To me, they are. Remember after 9-11? This one I realized that rednecks were the key to fucking winning wars. We could take 20 rednecks with Charlotte, North Carolina, and put them in the middle of the Middle East. The war would be over. Gas would be 39 cents a gallon. After 9-11, everybody was upset, but rednecks were acting like planes were hitting trailer parks. They were coming on the news, grabbing microphones from reporters. You don't come up my fucking back, y'all. You understand me? Use my airfingers to pull off your terrors, bullshit. I fucking hide it up there. Fucking hide it up there. Rednecks always repeat shit twice in case you didn't hear it the first time. I fucking pissed off, dude. I fucking pissed off. I'm fucking seeing red, man. I'm fucking seeing red. They don't want it with me. They don't fucking want it with me. I'm nasty, dude. I'm nasty. Connie Chung was interviewed with us, dude. He just snatched the microphone from Connie Chung, started cussing. I'm ready to go over there and drop some fucking nuclear fire on that month, fucking go over there and turn that shit to a parking lot. You understand me? Connie Chung was like, excuse me, sir, you're on national television. You can't talk like that. Get the fuck off me, kind of, Chang. You ain't supposed to be here neither. Right? I don't know if you're sleeping or what, but open your eyes and I'm talking to you. I was like, can't take you. Then some sensed, some horribly geographically wrong shit. He's like, what you need to do is take your Chinese ass back to Japan with all the other Vietnamese people. Connie Chung was like, what? I'm not Chinese, Japanese or Vietnamese. Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Chuck E. Cheese. You're all the same. It's put in different places. That's why you can't go anywhere in Korea without seeing a tournament. Right next to Scary, man. They got that battle cry. That should have scary, man. We need to utilize that battle cry over the Middle East because they got their battle cry over there. That should have gone. You go and watch any of those videos. That's some scary shit. Send a poor kid from the inner city over the Middle East. Garcia, go in that building at the end of the block and tell him what you see. I kept it on my way. Halfway down there. Garcia's like, holy shit, Sergeant. I can't go in that building. You hear that fucking lulu, lulu, lulu? No, nothing good ever happens after one of those. All right, where's that country motherfucker from Charlotte? Get your ass down there. I dude, on my way. Fucking hauling ass down there in his fatis with his fatis tucked into his cowboy boots. Halfway down there. Any man, my line, line, line. That motherfucker's not even slowing down. Are you shit me? Is it Turkey? He's no over here, too. You can run, but you can't eye-goo! That fucking Yehu is fucking scientifically designed to scare the shit out of anybody with any melanin in their skin. Instead of fucking frightened, nothing good follows that Yehu. It's always a fucking car in the air. Fucking minority in the air. Shit just got real. Yeah! That's motherfucker's a give up in a second. Yeah! Holy shit, motherfucker! Seriously, are you serious right now, motherfucker? Yehu? Holy shit, no, I didn't have nothing about Yehu in the training video. I did everything. I did the monkey bars. I did everything. Fucking Yehu, no, fuck the bullshit. I quit. What are you doing? What does it look like I'm doing, motherfucker? I'm literally infiguratively throwing in the towel. I fucking hate. Yehu, Yehu! Black people, we invented talking shit, but Redneck's perfected it. You can't talk a Redneck out of a fight. Being a black dude or, you know, someone black, I got a little bit of advantages, talk tough. I can scare a regular white guy. I got a house job, family, teeth. He's not trying to lose none of that shit. Hey, motherfucker, you stepped on my shoe. Holy, Shamoles! You are rather large. I apologize. I didn't see your foot. I have a $20 bill to keep this verbal and not make it physical. Take the $20 bill and believe me, people call it a dub. Take the dub. Redneck, you get out way, a redneck by 100 pounds. He'll talk so much shit back. You're wonder why you said anything to this crazy little motherfucker. Hey, motherfucker, you stepped on my shoe. Well, you got a damn face and a face of fucking big now. Oh, no, you can't have a regular size shoe like a human fucking bean. What's that? 13 fucking 14. I'm a major. You can stand up right, motherfucker. Are you the missing link between man and ape? Hey, everybody in the comic, little bodice, go over to missing links. Someone called the Smith Sony and I want my reward. You look like number three on the evolution chart. You probably got to wear a platform for shoes so your lucks don't drag when you walk. God name it. I'm ball your fist, boy. You ain't gonna have no luck fighting me. I'm a bad son bitch. You ever see me fighting the bear? You better jump in, help that bear. I'm nasty. I'm nasty, dude. You don't want it with me. You're ever on the phone with God and I call you better click over and see what the fuck I want. I'll fill this whole room with uppercut. I hit you with so many rides. You'll beg me for a left. You understand me? You ain't gonna have no luck fighting me. Top of luck, you got you can fall into a barrel of titties and come up, sucking your thumb, God damn it. I'm nasty. You can be running naked across the field of pussy and trick on a dick. Look here man. Hell next time you see me come on that. You're a black dude, you're musical. Turn it to a dance move. Chouch, I'll slide. Turn to the side. God damn. I'm glad you guys enjoyed that. I'm glad. Trying to make this Hollywood gay man trying to lose a little bit of weight. It's not going so well. Fuck it. This is how I knew I had to lose some weight. My son now who's now seven when he was like two. I was rocking the sleep and I fell asleep and when I woke up he was sucking my titty. I was on the phone with the gym immediately. How much is the one year membership? What's up? He, he, he. Hold on, I can't hear you. Okay, go ahead. What? My fitness goals. To get my son to stop sucking my jugs. We got a bootcamp for that, bare heads. There's so many facets to this Hollywood shit man. Just when you think you have it dialed in there's something else that comes around and it just fucking throws your whole shit off. It's difficult. It's longer. I've been doing this shit for 26 years. Finally getting a shot. But it's like my wife and I were laying in bed. We were watching one of those shows like one of those behind the music or each of Hollywood stories. We watched like four of them back-to-back and my wife hit Paul's after the fourth one. She was like holy shit. I figured out the key to success. And I'm like what is it? And she was like tragedy. And I'm like what? And she was like every one of those episodes you just watched had an element of tragedy that befell the celebrity in question. And that's where celebrity happens. You can either throw in the towel in the face of adversity or you can use that tragedy as fuel to propel you to the next level. And I was thinking about I was like holy shit you're right. And she was like you're right. And she was like yeah and you've never had any tragedy in your life. And I started thinking about I was like holy fuck you're right. I haven't had any tragedy. And so I started looking around at all the people that surround me and wondering who I'm willing to let go of to make this shit happen. And two years ago it happened. Be careful what you asked for because it happened. Two years ago I went to Washington DC to celebrate Thanksgiving with my family from originally. This is a little, it gets hard for me to talk about it. I went back there and the night before Thanksgiving I went out drinking with my best friends that I grew up with and uh fuck um I saw my grandma's titties that night. I don't know. Really guys really. Just gonna laugh in my face when I'm trying to open up to you. I don't know if you've ever seen your grandma's titties but there's some tragedy shit. Like I'm ready to make it in Hollywood now. Like I don't even have, have you ever seen your grandma's titties? They're fucking horrendous. My grandma's titties look like two horse nose. Is there a long, veiny and once longer than the other so it looks like a photo finish. Big brown by a nose. They're awful. This is how it happened. Old people get up earliest shit for nothing. There's no reason for old people to get up as early as they do. I'm sneaking into my grandparents house at 2.30 in the morning. Stumbling drunk. I'm trying to get in the house as quiet as possible to invade the Texan. I opened the front door and my grandmother standing there. We're face to face. Scared to shit up and just, I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, my grandmother's very hunchback. It's got to be hollow because it was very deep in the resident. I was coming from back there. I'm like, Grandma, why are you out of bed at 2.30 in the morning? I had no idea in the front, but I thought there was the newspaper. At 2.30 in the morning, the shit ain't even printed yet. Go back to sleep, but you won't because when you're 93, sleep is the cousin of death. So once she's up, she's up all her friends that died in their sleep. So she ain't risking it. Here's a coffee I need. Just shuffling around the house, mainlining folder, straight to the vein. I got so much caffeine in my system. I can't even bleed. I can't die if I can't close my eyes. Come on, we're in reprived. I got so full of baby. She's up and all I want to do is just lay down. I'm like a four-year-old. I'm just like, I'm one of those who's going to lay down. Stop standing in the doorway, let me pass. She just wants to ask me a bunch of questions. Who are you hanging out with tonight? Who was there? We're doing a lot of fine young ladies in the house. What were you drinking tonight? Who was on the wheels of steel? You're gonna wait till 2.30 in the morning when I'm shit-faced to start trying to relate to me? So I just had to turn the tables and start asking her a bunch of fucked up questions to make her leave me alone. Grandma, how did you let your back get higher than your head? I just wanted to lay down. She's trying to... Why am I able to see her back in your driver's license, bitch? Why does it perpetually look like so much standing behind you? I'm probably the most fucked up question I ask. Well, what am I supposed to do with a funeral when you won't lay down in the casket? I'll be telling the funeral directors. We don't need the pillow. We're saving that $25. They take that pillow out of the luggage. She hasn't touched the pillow in 17 years. I'm thinking, we're gonna have to come her way into the back and put her arm up on the side. We can't close the casket right now. It's making it look like she's convertible. Like she's in the tub. All I want to do is just lay down. I'm the type of drunk that. I just want to kick my shoes off and fall. Face first of the pillow and just knock out. And that's where I am. I kick my shoes off. I fall into the pillow and I'm about to pass out. And everybody's been there where you've been hearing that little ethereal state of being half awake and half asleep. And you hear something that's startles you awake, but you can't tell if you really heard it or dreamt that you heard it. Isn't that the scariest shit in the world? Especially when you're home alone in the house and locked up tight. You're passing out. Almost asleep and then you hear something. Oh, shit. Is there someone in my house? Now if you're in your living room and you fall asleep on the couch and you hear a noise in the living room and it wakes you up and you're like, what the fuck was that? You might sneak into the other room and grab a baseball bat or a knife or something and be like, what the fuck? Someone in my house. But something about being asleep and bed makes you lazy as shit for you. And this is for your own safety. You won't even get out of bed. You just start greeting the potential murderer. You hear a noise like, hello? Hello? Is that ever stopping murder from happening? Like the murder has come into the house of the knife and here's a, hello? Yeah? I was going to stab the shit out of you, but I'm a sucker for a warm salutation. That greeting was warm as hell. I'm going to, so anyway, that's where I am. I'm passing out. I hear the shit I've never heard before. If you've ever spent the night with old people, you know they got to get rid of this flam. They got to hack up these chess clams. They got to get rid of them. This throat oyster has got to get out. Fuck. After night of Yeager, Bob is not the best time to hear this for the first time. I'm passing out and half asleep and all of a sudden you're... BOOM! BOOM! I'm so disoriented. It's pitch black in the room. I'm still doing this. What the fuck is that? Native America? I was like, oh, shit. Okay, I must be tripping a while. So I put my head back on the pillow. As soon as my head at the pillow started right back up. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! I'm all the way awake now. I'm under the covers like a beyond. Look at that! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! After like four or five minutes and nothing happening, my fear started turning to anger and I'm getting mad. Who the fuck is watching Jurassic Park at 247 in the morning? Turn it down! BOOM! I kicked the covers off. Stumble out into the living room to turn the TV down. If not off, and when I get out to the living room, the TV is already off. That scared the shit out of me. That told me whatever's making those noises in the fucking house. And like I said, I'm half black and half white at that point. My two halves completely separated. The black half of me wanted to get the fuck out of the house immediately. The white half had the insatiable urge to investigate. And the white half won. I'm inching my way down the hallway towards the only light on in the house that's coming out of the bathroom. Whatever it is, it's in that fucking bathroom. BOOM! BOOM! I don't even know the prayer. I'm just making up shit. Woo! I'm fucking really... I peek around into the bathroom. I see the most horrifying gruesome macabre shit I've ever seen in my life. I see my grandmother standing in front of the sink, wearing those horrible orthopedics support compression stockings from the hospital. She's wearing those. And that's it! Shoken up longers. Tiddy's banging it. And the worst part is, I'm seeing this happen from the back. The longest, gnarliest titties banging off the saddest ass cheeks I've ever seen in my life. Every time I'm swinging back around the front, they're grazing this sink. It sounds like a full-court basketball game. For three! Come on, get back in. From downtown. It's gonna be easy hitting up. Fucking... I couldn't take it anymore. I'm like, GRAMMA! I guess I scared her startled her. She did a 180 and almost took me out with a titties. AAH! Who's there? I was drunk, but I moved quick. It's like I said, one titties is slower than the other ones. I had to matrix the first titties. I had enough time to get my timing down to double-dots the second one. This is dragging across the whole style. AAH! Now she's a stand there looking at it. I'm like, GRAMMA, close the door. I'm sorry, baby. It's the light bothering you. Initially, no. Now that I'm looking at those illuminated fun bags, yeah, killing the lights. They're awful. Like, great fruits and tube socks. You look like a pro hackie-sack player every time you go up the steps. I did those jokes on TV. Don't clap. I'm gonna get in trouble. All right, got in trouble for doing those on television one time. She saw me do those jokes. I told her to watch. There was a huge mistake. She called me the next day and I just sent it to voicemail because I knew it was about. I didn't want to hear it. I was in a good mood from the show. I was like, I'm not listening to this shit. Send it to voicemail and then later on that night, I listened to the voicemail. It was in raging. It was like a minute of her yelling at me. And the worst part about her yelling at me about doing the jokes about her titties was that she leaves her name at the end of the voicemail. Like, I have no idea who the fuck it is. I guess the big reveal. She was like, I saw your bullshit last night on TV. You talking about my titties for 20 goddamn minutes on that sort of television. What the hell is wrong with you? I know you think everything is a joke, but this ain't no joke. These are my real titties and my real life. I told all my girls from church, my church, my Bible study class to watch my grandson on TV. Now I can't go back to my Bible study classes. All my girlfriends, every talk about Hick, I'm being long-titty Margaret. You talk about my titties for 20 goddamn minutes on that sort of television. You need to knock that off, leave my titties and my blouse and not a near routine and you better call me back and let me know you've got this message. This is grandma, by the way. Followed by her signature hang up, which is another minute and a half her trying to hang up the phone. Call me back, this grandma, by the way. Talk to yourself. What the hell going on? Everybody, guys, you guys have been fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you so much, dad. Come on, let's go, guys. Good job. Let's go. Good job, buddy. By the way, daddy, you killed the last night. What? You killed the last night. You did kill the last night, baby. Oh, my god, my god, my god. Don't talk about my titties or TV though, though. I'm talking to you. I used to be able to do the helicopter, but they lived too long with that down there. Too pendulous, baby. That's how I fight them all. You know you like when you're feeding, baby. No one can resist the 46 long. I used to shake my titties at the long titty clubs in Chicago. They look like great boots of tube socks. Woo-hoo, woo-hoo. Looking at the bounce bounce bounce bounce. Now you want to hide down the baby. I let them bend the duckling stock on one of them. George Washington Carver slammed the deal for a peanut butter. Each inch is like a year, like a tree rain. This is my grand, come here, grand baby. Come here. Give your grand-maw kid, come here, baby. Big deep and yellow pockets. What's the best guy to do to make a rain over here? Oh, that's wrong there. This is sitting in the back of the bus.
I can't touch my knees.. I'm filming a drama the least possible dynamically Barn seat what is this? Is this funny?? Fabulous Don't bother to afford a small seat and I'm getting into the arena Gracias. Do you want to get out of here? Checked! Wow, thank you! Thank you so much! You guys! Wow! I hope you guys are ready to have the best time. This is... we're making history. This is gonna... I hope be one of the best nights of our whole lives, honestly. So, I am so proud that he agreed to let me produce this special and be involved. He's one of my favorite all-time comedians. Give it up for Mr. Sam Moran! I deserve that, you're right. This is a weird time to be a comedian. I don't know if you've been following entertainment, but it is a bad time to be a predator. Has anyone been paying attention to that? We're losing like three actors a day. I feel like I'm gonna see the new Avengers movie next year. Like, why is everyone being played by Paul Giamani? They're like, he's the only one left. It feels like a dark time. I saw a baby in the coffee shop the other day. He was wearing a t-shirt that said, I love life. I was like, you'll grow out of it. It gets shittier. I like babies. Being know it's better than a baby by a little is not having a fucking baby. By this much. I get drunk a lot. I sleep in. I confidently walk back to over. He did cars. It's a good life. My sister calls her baby a miracle and I play along, but it's a bit much. Miracle. We never call adults miracles. We're doing way cooler shit. There are no babies that can dunk. We just have a baby like it's a miracle. Then it grows up and we're like, nevermind. Two people fucked. It's not miraculous. Winning the lottery, that's a miracle. You never win the mega-millions jackpot and be like, should we keep it? And... My niece is always crying. I'm trying to make her laugh. My sister's like, you got to let her cry because she's that adhesion out of you interrupt. She becomes dependent. That's strange that we do that to babies. You can't even do that to adults. If you came to my apartment and my girlfriend was hysterically crying, I can't be like, it's cool. I'm trying to know. We're gonna nap this in the butt early on, because... I don't like her feelings. She just got a vibrator. My girlfriend and I'm my baby niece. She got a vibrator and I got an Xbox. So, it is over. I'm playing NBA 2K. She's playing with herself. But either way, we're both thinking about LeBron. You women are amazing, though. You know why? Because you can fake an orgasm, but you can't fake a good mood. I mean, that's... You can tell me I'm the best you've ever had, but you can't muster up one smile to family peck neck, I mean... We're those, oh my gods, who are I need them? My ex was cool. Every time we'd have sex, she'd say, you made me come, which I, you know, that was flattering. I'm not doing that much. We'd be having sex, you'd be like, I'm about to come, and I'd be like, cool. I'm not doing that much. We'd be having sex, you'd be like, I'm about to come, and I'd be like, cool. Then she'd be like, stay completely still, and I'd be like, all right? And she'd be like, you just made me come, and I'd be like, are you sure? I feel like I'd played that with an erection. That's why I asked, if I made you come. I made you come. I thought I went to the barber shop, and I'm like, can you hold the buzzer completely still? You're the best I've ever had. I'll say you just made me come. Here's a barber tip. Whatever barber you go to, that is, whatever music they're playing, that's the haircut you're going to get. Armenian hip-hop. This is a weird area to do my special, because I'm seeing the hipster dads in this area, you know what, like the skinny Jean-Waring Disciplinarian? I saw a dad, and he was yelling at his son. He was like, Simon, and I turned around, because that's a stupid fucking name. It's like, Simon, if you keep this up, you're not going to get any more smoothie. That's the punishment now, apparently. I thought we used to beat the shit out of kids, but apparently mango badness is where we're at. I mean, my friend just laughed in his face, and he turned around and said, he goes, why don't you mind your own fucking business? I was like, oh, well, we're not going to get any more smoothie. I'll fight you, dude, but if I win, I'm taking that smoothie. And I'm going to drink it in front of Simon. And I'm going to drink it in front of Simon. I feel bad for these kids. We tell kids they could be whatever they want, and then we don't give them the odds, which, you know. If I have a kid I'm going to be honest. If he's like, daddy, can I play in the NBA? I'm going to be like statistically, it's possible. But let's take a look at this chart. I've taken the liberty of fact to an in-your-size-and-race. It doesn't look good. You're a tiny Jew. So why are we named a TJ? I'm a Jew. I'm a New York Jew. I complain a lot. I'm a therapy. I'm the type of Jew that if you don't like Jewish people, I'm not the one that's going to turn things around for you. You're going to meet me and be like, still a big thumbs down. Nah. I read about anti-acemitism, but I've never experienced the anti-acemitism I've read about. I've lived in New York my whole life. This is the worst anti-Semitic moment I ever had. I was doing a road gig in Colorado, and I pulled over to get a seltzer water at a gas station. I asked this woman, did you have any seltzer? And she goes, we don't carry seltzer. And that's as bad as it's been. Her tone was hurtful. I've lived to your so long that it's just any time I hear anti-Semitism and all my loss, I thought everyone loved us. Even when Charlottesville happened, they were like, did Jews will not replace us? I was like, we're not. I don't know if you know any Jewish people. None of us are going to be a gas station attendant. You should be worried about robots. You know, they're the ones taking the shitty jobs. I don't ever hear this. I lost my job at the gas station. What happened? Josh Rubinwitt. They're taking our jobs. Racism. It must be learn behavior, right? Because you never meet like a racist baby, though I would love to. Just an itsy-bitty, teeny-weeny racist. What were his first words? We'd rather not say. And for the record, they were taken out of context. Babies look racist, though, right? Their skinheads are not educated. They're cranky and they don't have any teeth, so. I was watching this documentary on the KKK. They all support Jesus. Did you know that? I didn't know that. The dark skined you. That's who they went with. Seems like a not-choice. It almost feels like someone in the clan is just fucking with them. You know who else is cool? Lending rabbits. Those are our people. My friends are Christian. He wears the cross everywhere, which I get it. But it is a strange memory to think about all the time. It's not a happy memory. I know that's your guy, but he's seen better days. That's the thing I walked around everywhere in a Michael Jordan wizard's jersey. I guess. He was better before that, you know, remember? I choose to remember him suffering. I'm in therapy, obviously. And I see a therapist who sees a few other comedians. Like, I know comics that go to the same therapist as me. I was in the waiting room the other day and I actually heard my therapist laugh through the door. And I was like, oh, I got to bring it again this week. I've been playing the hits nonstop for this, dude. I was complaining about a relationship I was in and he said, yes, you tend to pursue damaged people and then try to help them. And I was like, you too. We both do that, unfortunately, you know. I'm not good at relationships. They're so hard, you know. Every woman I date tries to change me. In that Billy Joel song, I love you just the way you are. A woman would never write a song like that. If Billy Joel were a woman, that song would be called You're My Project. And we'll see where this goes. I'm like, stop trying to change me. I'm not trying to change you. I'm trying to improve you. You know what having a girlfriend feels like to me? You know that thing in your iPhone that's always asking if you want an update. That's what it feels like the entire time. Just constant, hey, do you want to get better all day? I'm like, remind me later. I'm happy with my current operating system. They made it harder. I think like the dating websites made it harder for how we communicate. Because you're in the first days and I was like, what kind of music do you like? But that doesn't really matter. You can coexist with someone that does different musical tastes. This is my new first day question. This is what I ask on every first date. How likely are you to yell at me in public? That one's going to come in handy. You don't want to be in that relationship eight months and you're getting screamed in front of strangers. Like it's cool. We both like Chancellor Rapperson. I had another breakup and she broke up with me and then I asked me to take her back. And then curveball broke up with me again. I kind of feel like you're in a plane that's going down and then somehow you land safely and then you die in the cab ride home. You're dead in the end. And then she texts every day I miss you. Well that is part of the breakup. We're not going to hang out as often. I didn't know I had to explain that part. I thought that was self-explanatory but thank God jobs don't work that way. Can you imagine getting fired than two weeks later your boss is like, I'm sad. I'm glad you're sad. I hope your whole company collapses. You know what good thing about a breakup is you really learn a truly appreciate rap lyrics. I didn't used to get it. Back in the day I'd hear it I'd be like, you know what? That's a bit of a generalization. But then you get dumped or like it's true. These hosts are not loyal. I went to the gym today I was listening to the Jay Z album, the new one. And I listened to Rap the Way was meant to be listened to by a pale drone in elliptical. I liked that album. That new one we talked about saving money. There's a whole track about investing money. That's like the whole song. He's like, this is where I save. Rappers are lippin' longer now. You didn't hear songs like that 15 years ago. Back in the day he was like, big pimping, spanding. Now he's like, you got to make your money work for you. Are your mother fuckers familiar with long term growth? Then drop a beat. He cheated on Beyonce and then wrote a song about it. Two things we'll never do. None of us. I was in a relationship two and a half years. I never cheated once. Not once. On the road all the time people were like, what's your secret? How do you stay faithful on the road? This is my secret. I'll tell you. Two and a half years never cheated once. My secret. Not one woman tried to fuck me. I mean, thank you. Thank you. Am I hero? Yes, I am. I'd be alone to play in beautiful women walk in tours. Maybe like this chick, better not sit next to me. She sit next to me. We went to beat the entire flight. That was a close call. I mean, I'm an amazing person. And you're friends pressured to get on these dating apps. They're very intimidating. Sometimes the pictures don't even match the occupation. Just like a gorgeous woman bent over with a finger in her mouth. And you're like, same-chewed children's hospital. If you say so, I'm just worried about the children at this point. One of my friends was like, I got this dating site for you. It comes over. It's a prison dating site. Incarcerated women was his suggestion. And we laughed for like five minutes. But then like minutes sex were like, there's some attractive women here. But then it shows you the crimes they commit. And you're like, double homicides. Probably a bad idea. But they have actual profiles. One of them actually said, I love the outdoors. You're like, yeah, I mean, obviously. I mean, turns out you like money laundering a bit more unfortunately. More incandems again. Yeah, I'm more incandems again. It's the end of an hour. It's not that bad. Guys complain about condoms. You know what? Wearing a condom is like, you ever go to a basketball court and there's no net. And you're like, I mean, I guess I'll play. The whole time, you're like, did that even go in? I was at a woman the other night. I was at a woman the other night. She asked me not to wear a condom. I've never had that before. She's like, I'd rather you didn't wear a condom. I was like, I'm going to wear the condom. She's like, please don't wear it. I'm like, I'm wearing, I've made my choice. I'm going to wear it. I prefer if you didn't wear the condom. I was like, wearing it. Can't believe we're having this discussion. And I can't believe which side I'm on to be honest. And she goes, why? Why? Because based on this, I don't think you're going to be a good mother. She slept over. That's so weird one. She spent the night. One night's stand, spend the night is like, I mean, that's like if you ordered and food and the delivery guy stayed while you ate it. And you know, trying to be a better person. I quit watching porn. I cut back. And... I do the double browser system. I do the work browser and the other. So it's a far, everything is a good person. And Firefox is like, did what the fuck? We even want to know what I'm doing at Google Chrome, so. I find porn to be less offensive than a lot of women's magazines, you know. Because at least porn is body positive. There's no fad and old Cosmo. Every women's magazine's like, how to shed that last 10 pounds. I mean, while porn is like, you're perfect and we have a category for you. Right here. You're not fad and porn. You're a big, beautiful woman. A BBW, if you will. You're not old. You mature. You're not covered in semen. You're getting a facial. It's like a day at the spa. I'm glad that joke went over because if it didn't, this next one will be a real uphill battle. So. One time I asked me to finish on her face, there's no clean way to say that. I tried to think of something. It just doesn't work. I think it's a real thing. I'm not a big fan of porn. I'm not a big fan of porn. I'm not a big fan of porn. I'm not a big fan of porn. I'm not a big fan of porn. I tried to think of something. It just doesn't work. She asked me, she's like, I think we should try if you finish on my face. And I said, I don't think it's a good idea. And she was like, please. I'm going to doctor this conversation. But. She was like, please. And I was like, no, I'm all right. I did it. And the second I did it, we both had a mom where we were like, we are not these types of people at all. I am in way over my head here. This is not good. I felt terrible. I got her a hot towel. Some creams, some sliced cucumbers. I gave her an actual facial. That's how bad I felt. I played some Anya. Remember Anya? Anyone? That's a weird feeling. Because you only way of finding out you're not that type of person is to put it in a practice. It's hardcore. I'm not that hardcore. It's like when you're young and you think you could join a gang and they're like, you're not one of us. You're like, I feel like I could be. They're like, you're not one of us. And then finally they let you in and they let someone in fire and you're like, you guys were right. I'm going to go get a smoothie. This is. I'm not in a celebrity sex tape too. They creep me out. Like when the whole Cogin sex tape dropped. I said, dropped. Like was a fucking album. When the whole Cogin sex tape dropped. We all remember what we were. It was right after Yeezy's album. But my friend sent me that sex tape and I was like, I don't, he's like, it's funny. I was like, not my type of humor. I do a lot of dry witticisms. I don't really do the X-Res-lush fucking. I knew too much about the story. Like I knew that some woman allegedly extorted money from him and that she couldn't get any money and then he won all this money. So I knew this story. I knew that she fucked whole Cogin and then got outsmarted by whole Cogin. It's not a feel good story at all. I don't even know what you do after that. I guess you pretend you're dating. What's this new guy look like? Well, he's horseshoe bald, but also he's got a mullet at the same time. Interesting combo. Yeah, but he shredded. He's in great shape. Oh, so he's young. I think he's like 85. But a young 85. Hmm. He's older, does he dress well? Only spandex. Okay, well at least no one knows you're fucked. I'm gonna stop you again here. My life is a disaster. I'm at a good age, actually. I get it now. Things I didn't used to get. Conolengus, all-end. Love it. It's a good time. Back in the day when I was young, I did it because I was like, this is what men do. Now I'm older. It's like, scotch. I'm like, it's actually quite nice. One time I was going down to my ex. I was like, really? You have like a realization that you enjoy it. You know, I was getting really into it. And I stopped the middle. I was like, man, I love eating vagina. And she was like, cool. And the future could you say, my vagina? It is a fair edit. When you've been with someone a couple of years, you show some brand loyalty. That's what I see. You could get throat cancer from Conolengus. Did you know that? Yeah. All the women are turning their boyfriends right now. That's not true. That's not true. It's just not. But, now I read that. Maybe you guys don't all get your news from throwbible.net. But it's one of the most trusted medical journals in America. And... But if that is true, then I mean, you lived a good life. Right? If you did enough to kill you, you went out like a fucking G. As in generous. No one's saying a bad word at that funeral. He was a giving man. He didn't speak much. But he was quite good at breathing underwater. I like older women, I think. You know, like more mature. You know, I've always liked that. My therapist will say, you've unresolved issues with your mother. That always silence us a room. I said quiet. I mean, like similar values, the haircuts are coincidence. But... Then my mom meets his woman every time my mom is like, I don't like her. I'm like, yeah, of course not. She's a younger you. That's why you don't like her. Then my dad meets her and he's like, I think she's great. Like you sick fuck. I like curvy. You know, like the lups you with. I don't know why my hands doing that. But... I don't know why I did this shit. That was creepy as hell. That's how it started for Weinstein. And who knows where it ends? Curvy. I like the voluptuous. I don't know, came up with a stick thin model. Probably the fashion industry, which means mostly homosexual men. Like gay guys who like these are the hot chicks and straight guys who like if you say so. I mean, I'll fuck most of them, but I'm not happy about it. Why did gay guys get to choose who the hot women are? That's like straight guys. Got to decide which is the best Broadway show. Like, alright, and the Tony goes too. Rocky again. My ex's best friend was a gay guy. I love the guy, you know, because he's protective. He did activities with where I didn't want to do. And he did not want to have sex with her. So it's a very good deal for me, honestly. I get her anniversary gifts. I'll be like, honey, two tickets to Bieber. You and Mateo are going to have so much fun. I'm not going to that bullshit. We have a little gay in us. I don't know if you know this. Every straight guy, when we pee urinal to urinal, we do look at the other ones peeing us. I hope that's true. It's my hypothesis portion of the show. I could be wrong, but if I'm wrong, I don't want to be right. I'll tell you that much. I've been on the road a lot. I've been to some real dumps lately. Reno, Nevada. Shit hole. I did a casino there for a week. That sentence keeps getting sadder as it goes along. A casino in Reno. If you ever want to see fake tits and an oxygen tank on the same person. Book a ticket. It's happening. It's a joke, guys. It's a lovely setty of you. A teeth in Caniford Vegas. That was a Montreal. That's a good city. You guys like Montreal. You know what they do? They try to make you go to strip clubs. Maybe I'm hanging with different people. You guys. They're like, you should go to these strip clubs. I'm not going to go. They were like, you should go. I'm not going. Those girls are victims of sexual abuse. And also, it's too much money. That's my stance. I could have just said the first part. And said me like, I'm not going to take advantage. Some girls fucked up childhood. Out of those prices. You want me to confront an ugly truth. You better give me a bargain. That's all I'm saying. I was in Montreal always going through customs. And they speak a little differently. Some of them. One of them was like, have you ever been arrested or handcuffed? And I was like, I mean, two different questions. Arrested or handcuffed. That's going to be like, hey, have it a prostate exam. Or a finger in the butt. I just say yes, because you know I'm health conscious, but open-minded. And everything's self-service. Now when you go to these airports, you're going to fly in so much. And like, look at the party. That's where I fly out of. I went to get a coffee there. And I was like, I'm going to have a coffee. The guys are like, yeah, you pour yourself over there. And I was like, okay. I'm going to have a coffee. I'm going to have a coffee. I'm going to pour yourself over there. And I was like, okay. So I pour it. And then I go to pay. I was like, I have this coffee. He's like, you pay with that other guy over there. I was like, all right. So I walked over. I was like, can I have this coffee? And he was just like, oh, yeah, self-scan you do it yourself. And I was like, why are all of you here? And then there was a tip-john. I thought it did a good job. So I took a $5 bill on the way out. Because he went. I earned it. I fly almost exclusively Delta because of the Biscoph cookie. I'm going to dull and upmaid my choice. It's a fucking awesome cookie. You grow up and you realize what cookies you like. I never thought Biscotti was going to be in the cards, but we come back a victory for Biscotti. Delicious cookie. So pretentious, but so yummy. I feel like chips of hoi looks at Biscotti. Like, all right, do we get it? You studied abroad. And Biscotti is like, I did a prog in Madrid. I've seen a lot of shit, to be honest. Delta took away 20,000 of my harder and road comedian airline miles. This happened six years ago, but I'm not over it. And I called to complain. And this woman picks up the phone. She just goes, oh, we don't do this anymore. I was like, you don't do what? She's like, we don't do complaints anymore. Pardon me? She's like, yeah, you can email a complaint division, but it takes like six months. And I was like, that's ridiculous. Then she said, also, your mother's a con. I'm paraphrasing, but that's how her words made me feel. I could say whatever I want, as long as it's how I feel. That's what my therapist Allen says. So I get transferred to my next rep. She's even worse. She said, well, your miles are from 2010. We didn't start keeping tracks for 2011. Sarah. Yeah, she said, sorry. With an AY. So at least in seropology of all, you would never go to a funeral. Sarah. And if you do, that's the murderer right there. Sarah, for your life. Are you? So I said, this isn't fair. She said, well, I don't know what to tell you. So I said, if you look, you're being kind of condescending. She said, oh, where am I? Yeah, you're talking down to me. She said, oh, well. I'm not proud of what I said next. It was a little subtle. I said, I hope that you die in a fire. True story. She hung up on me. I, I, look, I overstepped a little root customer service hour plus whole time. I, fiery death, maybe a little extreme. I should have gone with moderate form of cancer for my insult, you know. You guys can pull back here, but I'm going to power through, because I believe in myself. I'm talking treatable stage one cancer. And then she shows up at the hospital in the lights there's nothing we can do. You're insurance ran out in 2010. So. Sarah. Sarah. I mean. When the cancer joke hit, we were in for a pretty good second half, I would say, I mean, this is. Goodness. Could I go to the, like, all these cities all over the country, some of them, you get to some sensitive places. I was in Portland, very sensitive people. I think it's a lack of protein. And I walked in this comedy club. This guy was like, I got the three-hoc girls and you owe me big time. I was like, thank you very much. He said, yep, takes a woman like me to get those hot chicks in. And he'd a five o'clock shadow like me. I was a cure guy, though. And he was like, excuse me. And I was like, I should. You're not a man. He's like, you can't tell me how I identify. And I said, I'm sorry. I made a mistake. He goes, fuck you. You made a mistake. And I said, I can clearly see that you're a woman now, because you're furious. I mean, I have no idea what. And then he forgave me. So. Probably wasn't man. That one takes a second to see if you agree with it first, because we are in Brooklyn. I did a Caitlyn Jenner joke on the late show with Colbert. And I got a nasty email about it. Do like, you don't get it. You're a straight white man. Caitlyn Jenner's had it hard. Has she? Caitlyn Jenner's never worked a day in her life. She's been coasting off of Bruce's success. Her entire existence. That guy trained hard every day. Bruce Jenner, American hero. Caitlyn Jenner, gold digging horn. I don't know if Caitlyn kept the penis or not. I don't know. I feel like he'd be better off without it. The penis is just that it's an inconsiderate body part, isn't it? Who really is? If it was your friend, it would be your worst friend. There's no worst friend than penis. An opportunist, a social climber. During my breakup, I was crying during my breakup, and I hugged her goodbye, and I got hard. How? That's how little your penis cares. Up here is the worst moment of my life down here. My dick is like, dude, one for the road. I mean... Let's get the band back together. One more job. The female anatomy is so much more complex. You have to find the clitoris. The penis just shows up. Sometimes uninvited. If they were toys, I would say the penis, pogo stick, you know, simple, unpretentious. You take one look at a pogo stick, you're like, I could figure that out. You go up and down, and you're like, that's pretty much it, actually. The vagina, Rubik's cube all day. You could play with your whole life, and still be like, I have no idea. I don't know. Only Asian boys can crack that code. The penis will, it starts a pogo stick, it ends up a slinky. Flass, it's sad looking, trying to escape down a staircase. The most women I know, they look at sex differently. The most women I know, they look at sex like buying a car. You're like, can I see myself in this long term? Is it safe? Is it reliable? Could it kill me? Most guys know they look at sex like parking a car, where like, they're just spod. There's another spot. Oh, I see it. There's another spot. Oh, I have to pay. Never mind. Handy cat. Hope no one sees this. I'm trying to be better, you know? I'm an atheist, but they never meet like a hardcore atheist, and you're like, well, I'm not that. I was talking to this guy, he's like, you could dig up my body after him, didn't fuck it. I don't give a shit. There's no afterlife. You could also not believe in God, and hope that someone doesn't defile your course. That's the camp I'm in. Well, I'm probably not, but come on, that seems a bit extreme. I just see like a hardcore atheist, he's a drug dealer who lives at home. He's like, I don't believe in God. I don't think God believes in you. I'm trying to be better. I got rejected from the Big Brother program. True story. I'm not just making it up to Sam Cool. They gave me a hard no. I made it to the third round. It's hard to get into, but I made it to the first two rounds. I killed. They loved me. Round three, they got a little more tight. And this one was like, what's a bad example of a Big Brother? And I thought you would laugh. So I was like, you mean like a child molester? And she did not laugh at all. She said we were looking for like impatient. I don't know, I thought we were playing high stakes. I'm sorry. She's like, what are you going to bring to the Big Brother program? And I said, uh, patience. That's the opposite of pedophilia, the willingness to wait. I think at the pression test online the other day, which I do, I think means I have it. I think that's the test. So like you're here. Yeah, it's not. Question one was, do you give up on things too easily? And I was like, that's enough for today. We gave it a shot. And I don't think I have it. You ever get sucked into that like YouTube comment or a mole? I don't know. I have never done that and felt good about life. I've never been like, wow, we are going to be alright after all. After all. I was watching this YouTube video. It was like a Ted talk on grief. I got to redo this quote. It said, I lost my parents in a car crash a couple years ago. Last year I lost my wife to lung cancer. Recently I lost my sister to breast cancer. When the tsunamis of grief wash over me, I have to stop everything I'm doing and take a deep breath. Soon it dissipates and miggins to melt away like snow. The comment underneath it said, shut up bitch. If you asked me to define the internet, that's it. Sad meets mean. That's all you're going to find. Pathetic and terrible. I do kind of like shut up bitch though. It's so final. If someone say shut up bitch, you're shut not up. I mean it's good. I disagree with you intent but the word choice is economical. Once a year I'll get into it with a troll. It's like my Marty grow. I'll really like, I'll let it fly. I look but I'm also like, I mean I'm not going to get involved or engage but once in a while it is fun. Last year and don't pretend that act like you're a great person here. We're all modified by this. But remember the baby that got eaten by the alligator Disney? We can all agree it's a tragedy. Comedy Central wanted me to say that. I think it's kind of funny. But that's a joke. It's a tragedy. I'm kidding guys. No, it's a terrible thing that happened. And I'm going to tell a joke. I'm not just reporting sad fucking news. So the baby got eaten by the alligator Disney. Is that where we left off? And it's a tragic thing. And I was like, that's terrible. And then two weeks went by and I was like, all right it's time. It's time. Of course it's terrible but let me fucking try. And I went on stage that night at the Comedy Cellar and I said, I don't mean to come off like a gun nut. I just think of that baby who was carrying a weapon. He'd still be with us until I feel like. Not a great joke but it's timely. And there's a woman in the front of our own. She just goes, no. And I was like, what's she's like, you can't joke about that. Which guarantees I will continue to keep joking about it. If you know anything about comedians, that's all we need. And she's like, no you can't. I was like, so I'm like, did you even watch the baby's funeral on TV? Which it wasn't on TV. They don't. They don't tell her about his baby funeral. But it is a pilot I'm thinking of pitching. Coming this fall to MTV after Teen Mom. But he kind of asked, well I was, did even see the baby's funeral on TV. And she said, no, I guess I haven't seen the baby's funeral on TV. And I said, well, if you did, you would have seen the mother come on through tears and say, see a later alligator. Which is. She gets up and walks out. Her husband stays put, which is how you know it's a good joke. And there's a part of me that is excited by this, because I know I'm a subject to conversation in the car ride home. You know that she's like, he was terrible in the house. And I was like, I thought he had some good stuff. I thought he was bringing it tonight, you know. So they email the comedy seller, my home club. And the comedy seller forged me the email, ha ha ha with 11 exclamation points. I counted it. I did count. And I will now read you the best email I ever got in my life. Here's how it opens. Okay, you want blunt? All people. So you know some bad shit is coming. It's never like you want blunt? Wonderful evening. A disgusting person, Sam or I'll pick the stage and spent the first few minutes of his act, disrespecting the two-year-old child, who was murdered by the alligator at Disney. I'm going to say it murdered as a strange word show I see you as a man. That makes us sound like the alligator was paid to do it. Then afterwards he went to a pay phone and was like, it's done. And then he belched and ran away in a trench coat. I have never in my life been so offended and repulsed by someone. I immediately left and stopped to tell your staff why. This is my favorite part. They followed me to make sure my drink's from being paid. I mean, it's just so wonderfully condescending that she's like, I'm furious. And they're like, mm-hmm, those corona's weren't free. So, Sarah. I should say that the comment before me on this show, friend of mine, she made like six holocaust jokes and this woman wasn't bothered by any of them. She even mentioned them in the email. She's acting like they didn't even happen. I mean, someone called her a denier. But, you know. Thank you. Thank you. I would expect all human beings would be offended by a sicko making jokes about a two-year-old baby's tragic death. Saying his mother probably said, later gator at a funeral. I mean, even in text form it kinda holds up, you know. Is it the gift that keeps on giving? Yes, it is. This is a woman who's trying to get me fired over later gator of plan words, which to me is a bit of a crock, honestly. It really is. Now, I have posted about this on every social media count I own. She sounds fun. I've asked everyone I know to share it. The comedian himself replied to me to say, pretty strong act, huh? I did do that. That is true. If you told me I would occasionally troll back. I'm hosting a sports show and I basically got media train because I think they saw me as a liability. And, they're worse. But, they were reading some tweets. I don't know if you ever had a gray-haired person read your Twitter. It is. In Lightning, I say it to least. One of the tweets that actually went out loud was, uh, someone tweeted at you here, Sam, that, uh, your comedy is a waste. And you replied, your father's, giz was a waste. I'm like, so you want me to keep doing that or no? She ends it by saying, what a complete and utter pathetic excuse for a human. He doesn't deserve to breathe the same air or live on the same planet as that precious little boy's family. He can go fly a kite. Where's that last part? It always gets me. I would love to fly a kite. It sounds like a pleasant recreational activity. Kite flying. She's very tightly-wout. She could use a vacation. I'm thinking Disney, but, uh. The owner of the club is a very good guy. I like him a lot. He emailed this woman. We feel bad. He had a rough night here. He would like to make it up to you and maybe comp you and your husband for a night out. And I hope they accept. I think it'd be a great idea for them to rebook me for the gig. Nothing would make me happier. They're sitting there like, finally we can take our mind off that awful, awful man. Your first comic coming to the stage. Sam, the Gator Morale. I was just doing a gig at a mall in Albany. I'm not bragging. But, look, when you dream big, things happen in this career. You'll someday perform next to a cinema. And I was doing a gig. And there was a kid in the crowd. I was like, you're too young to be in my show. And he goes, I'm 22. And I said, there's no way that you're 22. Someone put a spell on you if you're 22. And he said, here's my driver's license. I was like, why are you 22? You're the youngest looking 22-year-old of ever-senior, like a pedophile's dream. That's crazy, you know? And, yeah, okay here in Albany at Crush, they loved it. It was to the point that it was hard for me to follow. Like, they started screaming pedophile's dream. To have the show. It became a thing. I'm not bragging again. But after the show, he comes up to me. He goes, you got to take a picture with me and post it to Facebook. Hashtag pedophiles dream. And I was like, hey, yeah, let's do it, sure. So I did it. And the next morning, I got a very concerned phone call from my mother. She was like, what the fuck is wrong with you? Why would you do that? My mom's showing comments on all my Facebook posts, two e-comments, and like every joke, he's like, not funny. Every joke, not amusing at all. So I posted this picture on the right underneath. Pedophilia jokes are not funny under any circumstance. My friend comments underneath, shut up bitch. This guy gets me. I'm glad I'm doing this special in New York at home. It's like, it's very much, it's a lovely relationship. That was what we call. That's what we call a cheap applause break in the bitch. Praise the city you're in. No, I love it here. But I do take the subway home every night and I see some weird shit. Sometimes you see the people come out with the music and I'm always like, please, I'm hungover. This is so inconsiderate. I was on this guy with like, all right, now the women joined and he actually said that in the little song. And a couple women joined in. They must have been tourists or something. And he said, all right, now all the Jews. And none of us joined in at all. Because it sounded like a trap. You can't be that specific. It sounds suspicious. You can't be like, all right, now all the Mexicans. All right, now all the undocumented Mexicans. The best one is this guy comes on the other day. He's singing about how homeless he is and he had a beautiful voice. We all really went with it. We were all like, wow, this is amazing. And we all gave him money and then he got off. And then another homeless guy came on. And we all at the same time were like, you came at a very bad time. I mean, the last guy really dazzled us. And I'm not going to lie, there's a bit of a disappointment. You know, that's how tough this city is. You can't just be homeless. You've got to have a thing. He's like, homeless, I'm like, yeah, but what's your hook? It makes you very cynical. I feel like America's got talent, judge. Every time I see a hobo, they come on the look of homeless. I don't have any money. I'm like, what would be performing this evening? I'm not making fun of you. I've been on America's gun talent. I lost to a mime, so I'm not getting cocky up here, believe me. And he was a good mime, but he was still a fucking mime. Still hurts. A very talented mime named Tapeface. And you guessed that he had tape over his face. And my mom called me afterwards. She was like, you had our vote. And I was like, I figured. That'd be pretty messed up if she was like, look, you're our son. And we love you. But Tapeface is the shit. And he really spoke to us. Sometimes I'll see a crazy person. So I go to the next subway card again and again, and then I see you need to crazy your person, the next subway card. And I'm like, I think I left her a religious freak for a public masturbator. Bad trade. This guy was touching himself underneath his pants. He's looking at my girl for the time she turned me. She's like, you're just going to let him do that. I was like, you want me to interrupt this guy? I don't think blue boy in this lute to take with me my solution. She was like, maybe you should fight him. I was like, yeah, I don't want to get hit with that hand. I could beat the shit out of me, touching me once I lose the fight. That's a difficult situation to be in. She's like, you're just going to let him do that. She pushed me up to get in this face. I was like, excuse me, sir. I don't know why I'm calling him, sir, as Dick said. It's like, sir, you got to stop. Touch yourself with that to my girlfriend. I think I'm not touching myself with that to your girlfriend. I was in a T.U. I was like, you're just going to let him do that. Did we get so drunk that you pee on the street? Yeah. Now just me. All right. I was peeing on the street different. I was hammering this cop walked up to me. He was like, you were not seriously peeing on the street. I was like, no, I'm doing it ironically. And he handcuffed me while my dick was out, which that makes it look like you commit a way worse crime. This is the drunk I've ever been. You ever get so drunk, you ever get so drunk that you lose all your friends? I don't mean forever, I mean for the night, but it feels like that. I was so drunk I was yelling at the coach, I'd just serve me a beer. And he was like, I only have Jack. It's something like, I feel like you're lying to me right around. Just give me a buttlight, don't be a dick. This happened, I was probably 19 when this happened. I was in New Orleans, I was walking down the street, I was very drunk. This guy was like, do you want to hit it this blunt? And I said, yes, I do. And the second I took a hit, these two cops slamming, these two strangers against the wall, they handcuffed the three of us. This cop looks deep in my eyes, he goes, you seem very drunk. And I look back and I'm going to go, um, fuck. He was like, how much did you have? I was like a few too many, like how much of that? I was like, you know too many? I was like, a few more than that. He didn't even crack a smile. I'm not saying I'm Oscar Wilde, but I'm near a blackout, I was deserving of some response. He's patting me down, he feels my back pocket to the stage, a little notebook in my back pocket. And he said, what is him? I'm drunk, so I said, that's my joke pad. And he said, what the fuck is a joke pad? And I said, I'm a stand-up comic and the second it came out of my mouth, I was like, no. He was like, you're a comedian, I said, yeah, he goes, we'll see about that. Takes a joke book out of my back pocket and starts reading the jokes out loud. And after every joke his partner would go, worst piece of shit I've ever heard. The two guys handcuffed next to me are now laughing hysterically. They were supposed to be on my side, they flipped. And it only went on two or three minutes, but it felt longer. This guy's got no deliveries, kind of butchering what I do. Finally they handcuffed me, handcuffed the other guys. They keep my joke book, but they let us go. And the second they drive away, one of the guys I'm handcuffed with turns to me, he goes, holy shit dude. I had cocaine on me. And I thought it'd end search me because you're shitty jokes. Thank you so much guys for coming. You're welcome. You're welcome. She said, with this knife, I'm welcome. She told me to meet with Ray Zayn. Then she looked me in the eye and said, I'm here. So what do you think of the show? I prefer a little rel. What should I do if the hands are near? Don't be alone, she said there's nothing to fear. We'll make new memories in a rubble for two, and start all over. With this rendezvous. Then she told me, I love you the same. So easy.
Guys, I'm telling you, this is it. This is, I've tried everything, okay? This is my shining moment as a father for you. I've tried wrapping up a pancake like a burrito with syrup on it, but that gets way too messy. I've tried taking a bite of a pancake, then just pouring syrup into my mouth to get that right ratio. That has not worked. What I have found works the best is you cut the center out of the pancake, right? You remove the center, then you pour syrup into the center. So that's going to soak up that syrup right in the middle, and that's going to be the best part of the pancake. Plus, what you've done without even knowing it is you've saved a dad in the middle of the pancake. That's the greatest bite-ad pancake history. Dad, don't you have to go to a show. Figure out the tip. Who's going to do it? I got it. I got it. Because I know for every $10, you leave a $2 bill. So this is $30, so that's $3, $2 bills. That's six money. That's perfect, man. That's actually a great way to think about it. Way to go. Yeah, don't forget your passport. All right, we got to move. Let's go. Ladies and gentlemen, Chad Daniel. Hi, everyone. Hello. Hi. I'm glad you're here. This is going to be OK. I want you to know that I know that I don't look like you thought I would. Take it in. I realize that. My kids remind me that I've gotten older every day. Kamma, every day. I dropped my son off one time and he goes, God, you've aged like a president. And then my daughter goes, I was thinking guacamole. So they're pretty cool, right? Yeah, great. I grew a beard. That can make a guy look older. But I grew a beard for two reasons. Number one, beards are like sweatpants for your face. Doesn't matter how chubby you're getting when you're wearing one. Man, I grew a beard for a whole year. And then shaved it to the skin. What an asshole. Who does that? I mean, just in one thing. I looked in the mirror and I was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It was crazy. What was I doing? Just sat in my bathroom all night going, ah, trying to push hair out of my face. But that's just how you hurt your back. The other reason I grew a beard is because my 18 year old son challenged me to a beard growing contest. And he lost because he is 18. You ever seen an 18 year old's beard? Oh my god, they're so gross. It's like a daddy long leg. He's just crawling out feet first. Like a whisker up here and a whisker over here. I have a grandmother that could beat this kid in a beard growing contest. Use an only moles. I think my son challenged me to a beard growing contest because pubic hair grew in on other parts of his body and that grew in full. Does that is how pubic hair works? Nobody has patchy pubes. Let me rephrase that. I don't think anybody has patchy pubes. Some of you shut down on that one. You're like, hey, buddy, right here. What are you doing out of the house? Just stay home and fix your dick manger, whatever. It's probably not called that, but that's what I'm going to call it. I have never seen pubic hair on my son's body, but I have for sure seen it shaved off of his body onto my toilet seat. You know where my toilet seat is? That's in my bathroom. That's an easy one. Everyone should have got that. Do you know where my bathroom is? That is in my bedroom. So that means he walked through my bedroom and he is not allowed in there because clothes go missing and pillows get moved. And I don't trust that. A crooked pillow is a mystery. I don't want us off. So that goes in the garbage immediately. I just picture him straddling my toilet. And I know he straddled it because there are only pubes on the back half of the toilet seat. If you have a better theory, I'll listen, but there isn't one. That's the only way because I know he wasn't using painter's tape and shit to straighten it out. Hold on, it's not even yet. Let me get a laser level. I got it. Just over my toilet. Fee-oh, fee-oh, fee-oh. Like he's making a pair of ugboots. Walking out of my bathroom like, fuck it, my dad will clean it up. I'm 18, I don't try. You know, whatever kids say when you're not around. The main problem I have with these pubes on the toilet is that during this story, my kids live with me Sunday to Wednesday. They live with their mother Wednesday to Sunday. And he shaved his pubes Wednesday before he went to school. That means he was not going to be home for four days. So I called the cell phone when he was at school to leave a message, but he answered because he is not a good student. And I said, hey man, found some pubes. And he said, where? Which leads me to believe. I have not found all the pubes. What do you mean where? Why are there options to this conversation? Am I going to happen upon more pubes later this afternoon? Boy, I sure hope not, because I taught him not a prank and I know he's real good at it. I haven't checked, but I bet you there are pubes in my sleeping bag right now. That's a hard-ass burn. Many naps on their camping. The first time you get in that bag, the food is in the tree and the fire is out and you're like, oh, I can't wait to get some. Those are pubes. You got me. So I said, hey man, why did you shave the pubes at my house? And he goes, because mom is not there to yell at me. And I said, that is the dumbest answer I've ever heard. So get back here after school and clean these up. And he said, I'm sorry, father, but according to the custody agreement, I'm at mother's now. And I know that was meant to make me mad, but it didn't. I was thrilled he used two three syllable words in one sentence. Because I have watched him walk into a wall during the daytime. Natural sunlight guiding his way and just still, funk. So I waited till Sunday and he came to my house and said, hey man, come give me a hug. And he came to give me a hug like this. And when he did, I spun him around and I put him in a full Nelson. And I walked him up the stairs and I walked him into my bathroom. And I bent him over the toilet like I was rubbing a dog's nose in its own shit. Because the pubes were still there. They're not mine. I'm not cleaning those off. I walked downstairs in my own home for four straight days to use the bathroom because I am committed to parenting. So I haven't bent over the toilet and he starts making the weirdest noise. He started going like that. And I panicked a little bit because when he was two, he had asthma. When he was seven, it went away because of a nebulizer. And I thought, oh my god, did I give my kid back asthma? But I didn't. Turns out he was just blow and pubed dust. To create a clean breathing area. Once I figured that out, I could not stop laughing. Because I had come to the realization, my son is pubic care waterboarding himself. And that hits the spot. I was laughing so hard. My grip loosened. He finally wiggles around and he goes, why are you doing this to me? Because your mom's not here to yell at me anymore either. Thank you. I used to have a story about when my son turned 18, I was going to punch him in the face. He's 18 now. On his birthday, I got up early. I set my alarm. And he went downstairs and made myself a good breakfast. And then I heard him getting up. And I go, here we go. It's game time. My heart started racing. My hands got sweaty. Mom spaghettie. So dumb. Oh god. I started giving myself a pep talk. I was like, you can punch him. He's 18. You can do this. Because you did not spank him. And these are all the spankings. That he should have coming to him. And then I heard him coming down the stairs. So I started walking towards the bottom of the staircase. I turned the corner and I just saw a little boy walking towards me. And I was like, you can't punch this little boy. But here's what you can do. You can put a hockey helmet on him and hockey gloves. And then you can put those on as well. And we can go in the backyard and we can lock your box. So that's what we did. And I kept hitting him in the shoulder. And he goes, it doesn't even hurt. What are you doing? And I was like, all right, just wait. And then the third round, he could not lift his hands up to protect his face. That's old man knowledge. President style. After we lock our box, I went inside and I checked my social media. And there were over a thousand messages asking if I had punched my son in the face. Happy birthday. That's kind of world we live in, I guess. So I replied to all these messages. I said, no, I couldn't punch him in the face. I didn't think it'd be fair to him. So instead we went in the backyard and we lock our box. And then I put my phone away. And then 24 hours later, I checked and I got a message from a man in Little Rock, Arkansas. And he had replied back to me with a picture of urban dictionaries definition of locker box. And I would like to tell you, it is not what I thought. Urban dictionaries definition of locker box is when you're having sex with someone, you also shove your nuts into them. I mean, where do you even start? Do people do that? And it's so how? How do you do that? The only thing I know about that sexual position is you probably need the lights on. That does not seem like a feel around job to finish it. So anyways, I sent over 1000 people a message from my home computer that said, no, man, I didn't punch him in the face. You know, because that wouldn't be fair. Instead, I brought him in the backyard and I put my balls up there. And I was nervous that the green light on my computer was going to come on on the camera. And it would just be the feds like, what else is going on over there? My son no longer lives with me. Not because a locker box or whatever. He went to one semester at college and didn't like it. That's fair for me. But he also didn't want to get a job. And that's where I drew the line because I just can't. So let him go through the holidays. We did all that stuff, hung out a lot. And then January 1st, I said, you owe me $400 rent. And then if you don't have a job by February 1st, I'm going to kick you out. If you do have a job by February 1st, I'm going to give you 200 of that 400 back. And we're going to call that a happy father rebate. And then if you have a job, the first of every month, you're going to pay me $200 rent for the rest of time until I kick you out permanently. And he goes, 200. What about 150 and I buy my own milk? Who in the fuck drinks $50 worth of milk in a year? Are you having bone problems? What's going on? It's probably why I can't find a job. He's a horrible negotiating. We'll give you $17 an hour. What about 16 and I'll drive myself here? Well, you would be expected 14. Okay, we're no longer hiring. The first month my son left, my electric bill went down $80. That's a lot. Want to know why? Because his hobby is leaving my lights on. It's like a passion project for him. He wears a fit bit around his wrists and I bet he gets 10,000 steps a day. Just turn him a goddamn lights on. All around the house. That's a lot of green. I know all my lights are on at all times because I live in a place where a lot of people like to hunt. My friends will get up early at 4 in the morning and they'll drive out to hunt and they'll go by my house and then they'll call me and say, hey, are you home? I go, no, why? Well, because all your lights are on. Well, which ones? Yeah, all of them. Ports to garage, buddy. Ports to garage. And you want to know why they're on? Because my son's scared when he's there by himself. That's the only logical reason. He's tough. I mean, he wanted to live there, right? He doesn't live with me full time at that point. You know, because he loves me more than his mom, no. Because he's long at the freedom when I was on the road working. I'm tough. I'm gonna live with my dad's house. And when he's gone, it's gonna be my house. Because I'm tough. Until the wind blows a tree and the branch scratches the house. Bane, bane, bane, bane, bane, bane. Just a step, brrrrrrrrr. Operation sunshine. You can still run it into walls. I also have a 14 year old daughter and I gave her a chore list with three words on it and she goes, where's your chore list? You ever had a kid say something to you that they're serious but then you almost ruin it because you laugh? That's what I was like, oh girl, what? And I just go, what did you say? And she goes, where's your... She slowed it down. Like I didn't... Like I actually didn't hear her, you know? So I said, you know everything that happens in this house to make this home operate? Subtract the three things I asked you to do and that is my chore list. Remember when you woke up in a bed warm and not hungry? Fuckin' check! Check! Check! I did that shit. So my chore list also has three words on it and it says, keep her alive. And it expires in four years. So focused. She's 14 now. She was 12. I started listening to podcasts about periods. And I know that seems creepy. I'm positive I'm on a list somewhere. But I never wanted to be the dad that had to send her to her mom to ask her all those questions. I don't want you to know like, that's a question for your mom. You know where to find me if you want to play catch. I mean it's ridiculous, right? So I was listening to these podcasts but I had to stop because one of them kind of creeped me out. And it said, if you're going to show your daughter how to use a tampon you push it into your hand and then so I was like, well yeah, my hand's been a vagina. Okay, that makes sense. Sure. If you're looking for a number you're not going to get it. Just know that it has been. But then I pictured myself pushing a tampon into my hand and oh my god, it just looks like a magic trick. Doesn't it not? Just like, hey, whoo. Where's the tampon? You better find it because toxic shock is real. My daughter got her period in my house for the first time and she came down stairs and she goes, dad, two things. Number one, got my period. Number two, don't want to talk about it. And I was like, number one, great. Number two, greater. And she said, I have to go to mom's house because she bought me some stuff. And I said, I don't know if you've heard about the new legislation that was just passed but dads are now allowed to buy things. They're letting us out of the house. So I said, come upstairs. I mean, we went upstairs and I opened the closet next to the laundry room and in there was one box of all of the each. I had all the kinds, all every box that they make. Or at least they were at the store because I got there and I was like, oh, that's different. All right, oh, that's different too. And I got all of them. And that cost $217 where I met. And I said, whatever you need for this is going to be in here because that is every kind. They don't make any more than that. If you need something that isn't in there, sorry about your square vagina. And in that case, we are going to have to call your mom because she's way better at making appointments. And then she just goes, God, you're so dumb. And she grabbed a box and goes, it's right here. I know what I need. And then she left. I don't have anything to do. So I brought back $211 worth of tampons. That is an interesting exchange. There were so many boxes left and you can't carry them in because they're all individual boxes. So I had to walk in the target, get an empty cart and just walk out with an empty cart. And people were like, is this bitch stealing a cart? What is going on? So then I loaded it up with all the tampons and I brought it back in and I brought it up to the exchange counter and the guy goes, you checking out? And I go, hmm, checking in. And he looked at my cart and he looked at me and he just goes, I mean, what happened? That is a reasonable question. But I didn't know I was going to get asked. So I panicked and I just went, she said, pancake mix. If we could get this done, everybody's real hungry at the house. In my opinion, it is harder raising a 14 year old daughter and an 18 year old son than when they were little. Because when they were little, I could give them all the same rules. I could sit them down in the couch and say, hey, don't break anything. Don't drink my chocolate milk and go outside until it is dark. And they would go, all right, dad, that was it. But now I can't do that. I have to give them individual rules and it takes longer and I don't like it. I don't think, I also don't think it is fair. I have to tell my daughter, you are going to a party. We will keep your water bottle close to you and keep the cap on. If you are going to play hide and seek, please don't run into the woods with four boys even if they are your friends. Because people could start talking and then that is not going to be great. I don't have to tell that to my son, hey, if you are going to a party, please don't run into the woods with four girls because people could start talking and then they are going to think you are awesome. That is a really weird double standard that I don't like. I tell my daughter a ton of stuff when she leaves the house. You know what I tell my son? Drive safe, don't rape. That is it. That is it. That is every single thing I want him to know. Some of you might be like, you can't say rape, Chad. Well, you sure can if you say don't in front of it. Yeah. That is like the number one time they want you saying it. I am pretty sure. One time a guy after a show, honestly asked me, he goes, why would you tell your son, drive safe, don't rape? And I just was like, I really did think that was self-explanatory. But if you are looking for an answer, here it is. I want him to arrive safely and then when he does, to not rape anyone. I don't think he is going to but it doesn't hurt to remind people of big things. Drive safe, don't rape. That is four words. They are all one syllable. Sounds like a caveman. Drive safe, don't rape. And that works well for 18 year old boys because they are cavemen. Drive safe, don't rape. Me! Yeah, you buddy. You for sure, but everybody, everybody. Hintu! Hintu and me, just like Durant. There you go. Oh, damn. Okay, Dad. I got it. Fire good. Yeah, fire is good. Fire good rape, Dad. Isaac, smart. Isaac, smart. I'm going to start saying that everywhere I go. I mean, not like a caveman because that would creep people out, of course. You can't walk down the street. Just like Durant. Everybody would be like, oh, he lost his shaperone. I think it's a good message. I think guys should say it to guys all the time. I don't think there's any harm in it. Plus, you're going to learn a lot about someone that you say it to. Here's your change. Have a great day. Thank you so much. Don't rape. Why would you say don't rape to me? If that ever happens to you, you are face to face with a rapist. Because why else would you freak out that much? I thought about it. If I was walking down the street and somebody goes, hey man, don't rape. I'd be like, oh my god, I was just thinking that. Thank you. You too. I've also told my son that if he's on a date, and it's not going well, it doesn't want a second date, but the girl wants to kiss him at the end of that date, we'll just don't. Because that's going to be a real awkward situation later on. It's going to be awkward for sure in those five minutes. But that's okay. That's five minutes. You don't want to have that shit go on forever. And if you don't believe me, why don't you call Aziz, see what he thinks about it. That come out of the mic wrong? What happened? Aziz got in trouble for having a bad date. He's a famous comedian for those who don't know. There was a girl that he went on a date with, and he wanted to have sex with that girl, and she wanted a famous boyfriend, and neither of that worked. There is so much dumb on both sides of this story, it is mind-blowing to me. For those of you that never read the article, here's what happened. They got home from dinner, she sat on his kitchen counter, and then they both agreed that he was going to put his this part on her this part. Immediately when they got home. It's like a kid hitting a ball at Little League and running right to third. I mean, yeah, it's adorable, but there are rules here. Then they both agreed that she was going to put her this part on his this part two times. Gentlemen, I think we can all agree that no means no every single time. But what about, uh-huh, even then for sure. But then ladies, you also have to agree that no one can hear you saying no when you voluntarily put their dick in your mouth two times. In the article, she was quoted as saying he wasn't getting my non-verbal cues. Well, where I'm from, sucking a dick is not a good one. I'm not having any fun, gah, gah. I mean, that is not how you call Uber. Everybody knows that. Everyone knows. It's an app. The reason I bring this up is because I think sometimes we shift the spotlight from where it needs to be, right? My daughter's 14. I'd like to have this shit figured out in four years. We do. We shift it. The Me Too movement is super serious. Have you read some of the stories? They're gut-wrenching and heartbreaking. And then there are some where it's just like, all right, there was a lady from Michigan who got her a scrap by President Bush senior 27 years ago. And that was her Me Too story. And like, you read the other ones and you're like, how are you limping in with this bullshit? He didn't finger your ass hole. And I want to be very, very clear about something. In no way am I blaming this woman. But I feel like all of us learn at a very young age to not stand in front of an old man for any reason at all. They are the grossest things, not people, things on the whole planet. It goes old men, monkeys, seaweed. Those are the top three grossest things on the whole planet Earth. Monkeys throw shit at you. Yeah, that's an easy number two. I got it. Seaweed. Messes with you when you're swimming. You don't know what it is. You can't see underwater. Old men do both of those things. An old man will throw shit up into the air so you look at it just so he can give you a wet willy. They're the creepiest things ever. Have you ever swam with an old man? It's always just like, bad at bad at bad at bad at. Like they're tits floating on top of the water. Like an oil spill. Like when you make a pancake, you know I'm talking how it spreads out. Just bad at bad. I'd rather get eaten by a shark at that point. That's weird. Now some people may think, Chad, you just think this way because you're a man. Well, that has to be part of it. My brain has been connected to a dick for quite a while. But I believe that all of our lenses are tinted from several different things. I was also raised by a very strong single mother. And so I watched her operate in different situations. And that's what I learned. If my mom would have got her ascribed by anyone, doesn't matter if it's a president, she wouldn't have went away for 27 years. She would have done one of two things immediately. She would have had a churned around and said, do it again and then break your hand. Or she would have just yelled, this piece of shit just scrapped my ass. And yeah. I don't know if you know this, but that's how you end the picnic. And my sister and I would have been just cowering in the car like, oh man, we should clean the house a week at home. You know, because she's pretty mad. Did you see what happened? I didn't even see it, but there was an old guy as a pride him. I live in the same small town where I grew up and nobody likes me from a long time ago. And I know that sounds sad, but it's pretty freeing. Like, and say whatever I want, and I'm not going to lose friends. I'm there. I was at a small cafe and a woman was reading the article about the lady for Michigan. And she said, can you believe this? And I said that they would waste that much ink on that? No, I can't. And then everyone turned their chair to look at both of us. Like we were going to lock her box or something. And she said, I will have you know, a female American president would never grab an ass. And I said, well, neither would a unicorn because neither of them exists. You can get as mad as you want, but you can't do an experiment with a group that doesn't have any fucking people in it. I thought she had it locked. She wears pantsuits on purpose. What a great presidential candidate. But 45% of people that look just like her said, maybe next time. You want to know why? Because women don't get along. And I know there's this movement. Yes, we do, but you don't. You're at the movement with a picket sign and you have the same one. You're like, oh, fuck this. I mean, it's... And that's sad to me because you're easily the better of the two sexes. You should own everything, but you're busy bickering your way to second place. It's crazy then. A man could punch a man in the face and have a beer with that save man five minutes later. A lady could hear some shit. She maybe thought was about her and hate that bitch till she dies. It's crazy, you guys. Why? Are you doing that? Here's my theory. I feel like you don't get along because you've been pitt against one another since you were little kids. You're going to school, oh, you better get all cute and get pittails so you can find a boy. You don't want to be an old maid, right? That's crazy that you had to listen to that shit. How is the human species, the only species where women have to look nice? Have you seen nature? Have you seen a beautiful peacock? That's a dude. That's a dude peacock. Just, ah, look what I got. Have you ever seen a female peacock? Fucking gross. They're like, they're gray. They're gray and just sloppy. But they have a vagina. So they win, the whole thing. Women, you should not ever have to put on makeup. You should be able to walk into a bar and just go, I'll be in the car. It's bunkers. I also think it would be nice if we could all have the same rules. Let's make a big rule book that everybody agrees on. I think being an individual is amazing and what makes the planet great. However, everyone has their own rules and you can't get to know someone in a day for all their rules. So I have a friend on Facebook and she posted, am I ever going to be able to go to a bar by myself and not have a man ask if I'm okay? And no, is the answer. And that sucks, but it worked once. I don't know when, let's say the 40s. There was a lady drinking a drink all by herself in the bar and a man walked in and he goes, are you okay? And then they had sex and he told everyone he'd ever met. And that story's been passed down from generation to generation. Little boys are walking home from their grandfather's homes like, ask if she's okay. Ask if she's okay. Because we're simple creatures. We go with what works. And seventh grade, a teacher told me I look nice and sweaters. Here we are. Here we are. Now, somebody will like me again. That's good. Welcome back. Welcome back. I try to stay out of the rest of the politics because it's too demanding. And I like to sleep. Hey Chad, did you hear about, no I didn't, good night. It's like my new move. I do think politics divides us and makes us softer because I mean people are so fake taken aback when it comes to every opinion. They're like, I don't want my friend to think that I think this and they don't think that. And then we've been going, I'm surprised we haven't changed our national anthem to. I know we're getting soft as a country because one time I heard a guy go, if I could just be half the man my father was, well you are, that's how genetics works. You also have to woman your mom was and you're acting like her right now so get your shit together. And I'll tell you this, I don't even like that joke. I just like to watch some of the women laugh and some of the women not laugh because it proves you don't get along. It's crazy. It's right just set it and you're back on track already. All right. I think we're getting softer as a country people say sorry all the time when they don't need to. Right. You ever been bumped into and somebody goes, oh sorry. Yeah? For what? You just barely bumped into me. Have you been planning this for two weeks? Because then an apology is necessary. But this seems like an excuse me moment. Right? Like what are you going to say when someone important to me dies? Right. Like, oh I'm so sorry. Same way like when you bumped into me. I went to Starbucks and once I go, hey man are you in line? I go, yeah I am sorry. Yeah for what? Getting here faster? So I stood right in front of him. And he goes, hey man I am in line and go, yeah but you're sorry. So I'm just trying to help with the guilt. My daughter says sorry nonstop. My daughter will say sorry three times for the same thing. And now you're just being an asshole. Sorry once. You can't keep doing it and think sorry is going to get you off the hook. So I have a swear jar in my house that costs you a quarter. I have a sorry jar that will cost you a dollar. What's the lesson there? Call your dad a piece of shit. Just don't apologize for it. Because that is a 400% markup. My home is also filled with hyperbole because of my daughter. Everything is the best or the worst. Or the funniest. And can I tell you something? It never is. You know something is going to be really funny when someone laughs all the way through it right? The dad you're not going to believe this funniest thing ever happened to me. Oh my god, it's a funny thing. Oh my god, wait that. Okay let's hear it. There's a girl running through the hall and she fell off and is the funniest thing ever. Oh dad please. When either one of my kids tells me stories, my face must just glaze over. Because all I am thinking is how in the world do some people have sex with their own children. Does that make sense to anyone else in this room? How does a human brain allow that kind of shit to take place? I am so utterly turned off by both of my kids in every single way. And by the way if you're not laughing right now, you're the creepiest person in this room. Because that as easily as anti-kid touching as it gets. I said how in the world, you know, earth, the world, the whole world, do some people have sex with their own children and some of you went, uh-uh. I'm protected, second amendment. Everybody knows you can't change an amendment Chad because a man means, all right hold on. That's how I'm going to start choosing hotels when I'm on the road. I'm going to walk into a lobby and be like how in the world do some people have sex with their own children. And if no one even looks up, I'll be like okay cool next hotel. Sometimes when I tell that story, someone will laugh so hard their shoulders will shake. And other times someone won't even smile. But on a magical night, those two people are sitting right next to each other. And I get so excited about the idea of that uncomfortable ride home. The air could you care if we stop by the gas station and get some skittles? I don't know Patrick, why don't you go fuck again? You heard me say skittles right? I know we're getting soft as a nation because I travel all around it and I hear soft noises in comedy clubs. One time heard a grown man go, oh, that's crazy. If that is the noise your body chooses to make, stay home always and forever. Because no one likes you for sure. But the worst noise I've ever heard of the comedy shows this one, I don't. Man or woman, that is the twattiest noise that can come out of the human body. You should be able to karate chop that out of somebody's throat. Hey man, how's your day? I don't. Fwatt! Hatt! Hatt! I would rather hear choking than hear that noise. Because you know who makes that noise? It's people that wake up every morning and think, how could I be a victim today? And you know who I'm talking about. It's people that don't get enough attention at work, they don't get enough attention at home. So they're on social media posting all these vague ass statuses. Sure could use some prayers today. Post. It's like you can almost hear them typing it. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't have to be kidding me. Knock it off. What do you need prayers for? Be specific. Everybody's worried sick about you. There's 150 comments and they're all some version of Mary sending good vibes your way. Raising the roof with prayer. Emoji. And four days later Mary comes back to meadows weren't as red as I'd hoped. Well fuck you Mary. I hope you get lupus and everybody's all prayed out. But your tomatoes are red, right? They'll have antioxidants, won't they, Mary? Best of luck to you little girl that cried prayer. How can we not test for the noise? Mmm, I don't, mmm. We can test for almost anything in utero, right? Let's get one of those fancy ultrasound machines and figure it out. That's your baby's heartbeat. Mmm, I don't, mmm. We should get that out of you immediately. Nobody wants another one of those walking around town. And you do not want to live with the third grader that doesn't want Oreos because they're made with hydrogenated oil. I don't, mmm. Fucking die. I'm just dying. When I hear the noise, mmm, I don't, mmm. I get ISIS. I get it. I understand starting a group to hurt other people. That makes sense to me. Does that mean I'm a joint ISIS? Of course not. But I scout for them. I don't know, probably. Hey man, how's your salad? Mmm, I don't, ISIS! I found one. You don't want to mess with ISIS, man. They're a crappy group. And we should have seen that coming because they are all caps. And you guys, that's yelling. How did we not know? I bet if you asked everybody in ISIS why they joined over 40% would say traffic. Because traffic can turn a reasonable rational human being into a murderous monster. You're ever going to the four-way stop and it's not your turn to go, but it's a person in front of you. It's their turn to go. But they're not going. They're doing this. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. No, you. A good, good, good, good, good, good, good. And you're behind him like, fuck it, go! You have to go, nobody's ever gonna go. There are rules in place for this situation. You're not going to get into heaven for letting somebody go first in a four-way stop. Because I'm going to stab someone and that shit's going on. Your tab. Go, go, go, go, go, go. It's going to lead to, gaga, gaga, gaga. Listen, you guys, you cannot be nice with someone else's time. That is not how kindness works. If you want to be nice, join the Big Brother or the Big Sister Program and bring a kid to the movie. But on your way to the theater, fuck in, go. You have to go. Now I want you to know traffic is the only time I get real upset. That's true. I'm a pretty laid back guy. I love walking around and seeing other people get mad. I think that's fun. Because I am a hypocrite and I like to judge others. And that makes me feel good. If I see a man yelling at his kids, I'm like, oh, I'm so much better than him. And that gets me through my day even though it's not true. My favorite kind of anger is self-produced anger. We've all seen that. Guy at the grocery store is holding the door. Somebody walks in. Doesn't say thank you and the guy holding the door is like, welcome! Oh my god. Has anyone ever needed to hear Drive Safe don't rate more than him? Like ever. What does he think? Everyone's just at the gym running on the treadmill, getting in shape. Does your hope somebody holds the door to store today? Can now wait to say thank you. It's crazy. People have other things going on in their lives, right? Even if it's something as small as remembering your list. When you're walking through the parking lot. Just milk, eggs, flour, welcome! Okay. Alright. Yeah, that was most likely for me. Are you holding the door? You were, right? Yeah. I was just trying to remember my list. Yeah, welcome! Nobody likes getting yelled at. Especially in public. Nothing good has ever happened from that. A guy is never like, oh, I should take that guy fishing. It's always something like, oh, I'd kill him for sure. That's why I admire psychopaths a little bit. I think psychopaths have figured some things out. I do. A psychopath thinks, I'm gonna kill that guy, and then they just kill him. And the rest of the day they're like, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. They're just so happy that their to-do list is done. But a man that fears societies rules, you can't go killing people all willing, nearly? Well, I just like, oh, I'm gonna kill that guy. But, eh, I'm already at this store, I should probably just get my stuff. Yeah, I'll do that. And then he goes in the store. But he hasn't forgotten that he's been yelled at. So 10 minutes later, he's walking around the frozen food section just like, okay, hold on. What do you mean, I'm welcome? Why am I welcome? You're welcome. How about that? You put thought about that? How about you be welcome? I just opened this freezer door. Didn't need your help there. Did I? I got goers all day. Fuck, welcome. And he strokes out in the frozen food section. And he forgets his list. And he goes home without milk, eggs, or flour. And his only job all week was to make his little daughter a birthday cake. You assholes. I mean, seriously. Let's review all the things we've talked about tonight. And cake, just shut you down, huh? We've talked about so many topics. You're like, not the cake. Don't you dare. My God, you're so nice. Stop. The Lord is a Lavendenver. You hear those? Just as a reminder, a man had just stroked out in a grocery store and nobody had any problem with that at all. And then I mentioned a girl not getting cake and you're like, Oh, God, is there a bakery he could stop at? Stop it a bakery and get some cake. It's a birthday. I need you to know something. When I wrote this story, I never even thought about that little girl for more than one second. I just needed something to do with those ingredients. So I picked cake because I like cake. This little girl is just supposed to go, Hey guys, and then leave the story. That's it. She's like, one second in, one second out. And you guys are like, come here. We'll get you some cake. Come on. You come here right now. This story is about a man on the verge of a mental breakdown. I just picture this man in his kitchen stirring an empty bowl with dead eyes. Still has his hospital bracelet on from the stroke. Just mumbling things like, hold it up for me, hold it up, you. Do you need you? Hope does. Automat Do you? You were waving at the camera. Not at the camera. It's father-in-law walks in the kitchen. How's the cake coming? F**k it, welcome! That glueses his mind. And a whole bunch of you were like, is there frosting at the house? Is there frosting at the house? Can we get this kid some frosting? Which is crazy to me. Because the point of this entire story is this. When a woman is breastfeeding a child, and the child is sick, that illness is in the child's saliva. It enters the mother's body through the aereola. It travels around the mother's body. The mother's body fixes it. It puts it back in the milk. It sends the cure out through the nipple. Kid feels better. Our noses can categorize 50,000 smells. Our eyeballs can see 10 million different colors. That is the potential of the human body. And you can't figure out a four-way stop. I know I have had a lot of problems with humanity up here tonight. But I also want you to know I think I give you friends with almost anybody. I mean, the only group of people I can think of that I wouldn't be friends with is if we're walking down the street, and we overhear somebody say finger bang and you don't even giggle. Then I don't care to have you a part of my life as a part of my life. Or we're going to go to your house and drink gin and do accounting. No, thank you. If you're an adult and you hear finger bang and you don't even go, okay, or like nothing, that creeps me out. That's why I like talking to really old people. Like 95 years old or you can say whatever you want around them. They're just glad you're talking. You could say finger bang in front of a 95-year-old woman and she'd be like, I remember finger banging. I was finger by Abraham Lincoln's nephew. Also a tall man, huge hands. I remember he removed his riding glove and it was like a fistful of dicks. It was thrilling. President Lincoln once said, a house divided cannot stand. Well, neither could I. Do old people can say or do whatever? That's how old men ended up as the creepiest things on the planet. I can't wait to be that old. I cannot wait until my actions don't have consequences. I'm not going to throw shit at people or be weird when I'm swimming, but I still want to have fun. When comedy's done, I don't have hobbies, so I'm not going to whittle recorders out of wood and bring them to middle schools. I'm just going to sit at the bus stop and then I'm going to flick guys in the dick when they walk by. And I know comedy's supposed to be smarter than that, but I don't care. Flicking dicks is really funny to me. I'm just going to sit at the bus stop with a big coat on, but my arms not in the sleeves. Then I'm going to sneak attack out the zipper. Flack! What are you doing? Doesn't matter. I'm old. I'm going to call the cops. Go ahead and you need to ride home. They're not going to rest an old man for flicking dicks, right? It's probably not even in the book. Hey, yeah. We're down at the bus stop and we have a... We have a... There's an old guy down here flicking dicks and dude, it is outrageous. I don't know. He's killing people. It's crazy. I don't know if his right shoulder is made up of only fast twitch muscle fibers, but this guy's unreal. He's beating younger men to their crutches, and my God is it fun to watch. And you know my rule, if I laugh it's on my don't make an arrest. I'm just going to eat my lunch here and watch over. Because dicks are not protected by the law. And I am in no way saying they should be. I'm telling you straight up, they're not. You flick a lady in the tin. Well, pack your shit because you're going to jail. What? As it should be. But you could curb stomp. A guy's bare dick. In front of a cop. And the cop would be like, it's probably going to be a stomach ache. Get you guys later. Nobody cares about this. That's why sometimes when I hear women go, we want equality. I always just want to whisper, yeah, but not all of it. You don't want the curb stomping part. Just take the good stuff. Take the M&Ms out of the trail mix. Leave the raisins. Because if you have a quality across the board and you get the good stuff, you're going to have to do things you don't want to do. Start calling your shots when you play pool. Hold on. Hold on for one second. I saw some women react like I said you were bad at pool. Those words never came out of my mouth. I never said women are bad at pool. I said your cheaters. That's different. It's going to be no more this. Oops, I made it in the wrong pocket, but I'm cute and you want to fuck me. So it's still mater and still mater and still mater. That goes out the door with equal pay. Now you're going to have to buy your own drinks and they're 1750 a piece. You didn't even know that did you. Back in the line, yoga pants. It's a quality night. If we have true equality between men and women, we're going to be able to fist fight in the middle of the street. And I can tell you, I don't want to live in a world like that. Because I would lose to upwards of 45% of women. Sounds like a high number, but let's go through the groups. White trash ladies. Uh-huh. And lose to most of them. Because they're tricky. They've had to get out of some tight spots by thinking on their feet. A white trash lady will say something like, look at my tits! And when you do, they hit you with something real hard. Probably a glass ashtray. Every single kung fu movie, little Asian girl skipping to school. Old Asian guy walks around the corner, you're skipping is stupid. And she floats up into the air and murders him with face kicks. You're going to have to factor in all little Asian girls to that. Every single one of them. Because you don't know which ones can float. They don't put stickers on them. You're going to have to factor in all black women and start removing their earrings as they're moving towards you. Because I don't care what martial art you've trained in, gentlemen. That's going to be a loss on your record. If you make a black woman so upset with you for whatever bullshit you're doing and she pulls her earring off and goes, what? Just go, nothing, nothing, nothing! And you run. And you find shelter. And may I suggest a body of water. Now, some of you are going to be pretty surprised by this next part. Because a lot of you think, I think black people don't swim. And that's the craziest thing I've ever heard in my whole life. You can't think an entire group of people doesn't do one thing. That's ridiculous and how bad stuff starts. I know black people swim. I've seen black people swim. What I have never seen and no one has is a black woman that just got her hair done. Get it wet on purpose. That has not happened since the beginning of time. And black people were the first people. They've had more time. A black woman will fall you into a body of water but just up to her hair. And they should be like, nope. And back it on out. And then you just shredding water in the lake. Are you going to leave? I took the afternoon off to get my hair done. I have nowhere to be. I saw a black lady leave the hair salon one time. She looked up. It started raining on her hair. And she looked up into the sky and she goes, no. And it stopped raining. So, you know, still think Jesus is white? I know I talk a lot of crap about my son up here. But I do want you to know that he's a very respectful young man. And he is a smart, like, too smart maybe. And he has a very dry sense of humor to the point where you don't know if it's a joke or if you're going to get murdered. Right, you wake up the next day and you're like, there's funny, buddy. The job is like, funny joke. Oh my god, I'm alive. It's like that kind of sense of humor. We were walking down the street one day. It was my son and my daughter and I. And an Asian family was walking towards us and there were seven of them. And none of them were higher. I don't get it. There were seven of them? Is that like a weird thing to say? Ah, fucking legalized pot. Here's what happens. I don't have to say anything funny. You just present a fact and people were like, oh my god. Dad, you're not going to believe what happened to me. Oh my god, it was a funny thing. We were walking towards an Asian family. There were seven of them. None of them were higher than my chest. Now, does that mean I think all Asian people are short? No, of course not. I know Asian people are taller than me. I'm just telling you, these are the facts of this particular story. So the grandparents passed us and then the parents passed us and the children passed us. And my son slowed down and he looked at me and he goes, do you think Godzilla was just a normal sized lizard? And my daughter said, isn't that racist? And I said, we will figure that out when I'm done laughing. Because sometimes you just got a letter buck. I brought my son to a comedy festival in Nebraska. It was Johnny Carson's hometown. And I was always such a huge fan of Johnny Carson. I wanted to show my son some history. They have a museum there and everything. So we went there and we had a great time. And before the first show, we were in the green room. It was me, a couple of friends, my son. And then two comedians walked in that I had never met. So they didn't know me and they certainly didn't know my son. And so they thought he was a comedian. And they were like, how old are you? And they go, oh you think you're going to go out there and wow the adult crowd with your 18-year-old humor? Is that right? Is that what you're going to do? Sure. And they're going to live with your parents and somebody whisper to me. They go, are you going to help your son? And I was like, no, I sharpen this stick. I know how, folks. So the guy was just giving it to my son. And he's finally done on my kid goes, yeah, thank you very much for that. I really appreciate the advice. Do you mind if I say something I like about your act? And they go, let's go for it. He goes, I really like how you smile at the end of your jokes to let people know they're finished since the punchlines don't do the trick. Everybody's slowly looked at me. I was just like, daddy, raise you right! So cool. But that wasn't even my favorite. At the end of the week, there was a former Miss Nebraska there, just a lovely woman. She was like the town celebrity so nice. And she invited us all to her home to have a buffet at the end of the week. And so we got there. It was my friend Joe, my friend Phil, my son and myself. And we got there late. And there were no plates left. And Phil is from Canada. And I only tell you that to let you know that he doesn't care about others. So we walked in and there were no plates left at the buffet. And there were three plates on the kitchen wall. And Phil goes, can I use one of these? And she goes, no, you may not. And he goes, why not? And she started crying. And through tears, she told us this story about how her mom had left Europe with just 12 plates in the clothes on her back. And then she met the husband and they had four kids. And they all got three plates. And all four of those kids had three children of their own. So they were all going to get one plate. And Phil goes, is that it? And she goes, yes it is. And he goes, well I'm hungry, I'm going to get food. And he turned, but he had a backpack on. And it knocked a plate off of the wall. And it shattered. And the only thing you could hear in the kitchen, was the clock ticking. And this woman sobbing. And my son goes, God damn it Phil, now she's going to have to kill one of her kids. I mean come on. This lady went from crying to laughing. And she goes, oh I like you. And my son goes, enough to go to the kitchen. And she goes, oh I like you. And my son goes, enough to go to the kitchen. And my son goes, enough to let me pick which kid. It's just like a superhero who doesn't know how to use his powers yet. I'm flying, is that a wall smash? Thank you guys very much, I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. You guys are the best. Thank you very much. Thank you. Hey tight, hang tight. I want to tell you one more story, you can sit back down if you'd like. What a weird way to ruin a standing ovation. When I was starting comedy, I had zero money. And so my son was about to be born. And so I called this booking agent and I go, hey man, is there any way you can give me any work at all? I just really need to make some money. And he goes, how about this week? And I go, that's not going to work because that is the week my son is going to be born and I need to be around for that. And he goes, well good luck because children ruin comedy careers. So I would like to introduce you to two people that beg to differ. This is my son Isaac, my daughter Olivia. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Pretty good, huh? Do you have anything to say? I just want to let you all know that I start my job on Monday. Anything? Anyone bring their passport? Kids do not ruin comedy careers. They make them. But more importantly, these two have just made my life a million times better. So I just wanted to tell you guys that because I know I pick on them a lot. But they are the best. And thank you guys very much. Thank you. Thank you. You're burning as a pain. You're burning for pain. Don't leave me, don't give him to cheat. Let's play fair and not compete. Would you let me know that you hold my hand? Would you call it a loss? I wish me dead.
How's everybody doing? What's happening? Doing a lot of traveling, man. Went home and see my mom, dad. Like hanging out with my mom. My mom is so cool. I made people mothers like this, be honest. My mother made us think that Jehovah Witness was a gang. We thought they had guns. They ring the doorbell. Get down, get down. Hey, my inner kitchen. Don't touch that door. Come here, come here. Mama, somebody on the porch. Just get down, get down. They peeking through the curtains. Yeah, I go back home, man. I like New Yorker. Eat a lot of food up here. Y'all got different food. I had some Chinese food on the day. That good food, because they have make anything for you. You got some shrimp, right? I was, yeah, I was y'all. Eggful y'all. Yeah, boy, yeah, yeah, yeah. Some bacon and cornbread. Yeah, man, we can make for you. We can make for you. We can make for you. We can make for you. We can make for you. How about some barbecue cornflakes, barbecue? Wait one moment. Yeah, we got barbecue cornflakes. They're making one, they got a swing. Come back there. We got cow. What's your size? I had some Indian food. You ever ate that Indian food? That's some spicy food. Blow your mouth. I had some Indian food. I had some Indian food. You ever ate that Indian food? That's some spicy food. Blow your mouth. That's some spicy food. Blow your butt hole out, David. It pulled. Woo! I caught some toilet paper on fire. That Indian. And then you can do in your butt burnin' and walk around that butt burn look. You did. You can't put a ice on the butt hole, you know? Yeah, starting the day again. Met a nice young lady. Don't you have to meet somebody too nice. You have to meet too nice. You know what I'm talkin' about. A lady. I mean, I open the door for somebody. But you know, we get to the place. I get out in the car. She's still sittin' in there. I'm thinkin' maybe the dough jam. You know, I had that problem sometimes. You got to reach out and open it. Yeah, she talkin' about, I want my man to open the dough so I can get out. Okay, just remember at the end of the night, I want my woman over the legs so I can get in. You know what I mean? You may love somebody who ain't may love in a long time like for you. That's that wild love, but they just, they untamed. They throw you out the bed. Yeah, that's been thrown out the bed. I don't mean like she said, get up and get out. I mean, uh-oh! Ah! Ah! Ah! Just throw your... What are you doin' your son out the bed? Get back in it! My bed, I was like, wow! I got me a piece of rope. I jumped on it, I was like... Ten seconds. She was like, ah! Ah! Ah! Wow! Them rappers make wild love, them rappers. Because you can tell, you, we make go crazy like, L, L, and stuff. I don't care, you ever, L, L be naked at the end of this song, don't you? L, L can start off with four over coats, three hats. Turtle neck, ski mask, gloves, mittens, two pairs of boots. About to end of the song, you know, alright? Alright! Alright! You know what they need? You ever see a gay rapper, that would be cool. Yeah, gay rapper, put your hands... I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! My name is Piss, but I'm not from France. I make my own clothes, but I came down. I'm a gay rapper! And I'm a gay DJ, my life! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper! I'm a gay rapper!
Our next guest is a fantastic comedian. You may know her from her wonderful podcast, Self Help List. Please welcome, Kelsey Cook. Whoo! Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Whoo! Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hi, guys. I'm so happy to be here. Something cool just happened to me. I actually just got married. Yes! Yes! Oh, my God. Thank you. My husband's also a comedian, so our wedding budget was $42. So nice. It's great to finally find that person, though, because dating's exhausting, right? Guys are like hairstyles in your 20s. You try a bunch of different ones. And by your 30s, you're like, oh, this is the one I'll be buried with. Just get some soccer mom bangs and call it a day. I'm tired. My husband's been sober for two years, which is great. Oh, great. Thanks. It's awesome. But if you take the AA quiz, it makes everybody sound like they have a drinking problem. The first question is, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood? Is there any other reason to drink alcohol? Like, no, I'm in it for the acne and diarrhea. The second question is, after consuming alcohol, have you ever done something you've regretted? Do you mean literally every time? Have I had alcohol? Who's getting drunk and doing the Lord's work? I've never had five margaritas. I've been like, all right, time to donate blood. I've got to pass this party to someone in need. My biggest regrets stem from alcohol. I used to take shots of gin and chase them with a deli meat. Yeah. You know your white trash when your cocktails involve ham. But if you're broke, you form weird habits like that. Like, if you don't have a dishwasher, are you trying cookies in as few dishes as possible? I don't know if you guys do this. Like, if you want banana on your cereal, but you don't want to get a knife dirty, do you ever just tear pieces off with your teeth and then... LAUGHTER Ah, some of you did that today. I didn't even know that was weird until my husband caught me doing it. And was like, are you mama-burning yourself? LAUGHTER We're poor and not amish. Please stop. Get some help. I keep trying to get him to go do a couple's massage with me, and he refuses. And I think it's gonna be great guys to get a little weird about massages, because if you get a female masseuse, you're worried you'll get turned on. And if you get a male masseuse, you're really worried you'll get turned on. LAUGHTER Like, well, came here to relax. Now I got questions for myself. LAUGHTER Shoot. LAUGHTER I've learned I get turned on every massage regardless of who is doing it. I'm so creepy. Like, I love when you go and they massage your hand. I always just want to slowly close my fingers. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER I'm just whisper, I need this one. LAUGHTER I'm really ruined the hour for both of us. We really want to see the play Hamilton, but tickets are too expensive. But I found out that people have been uploading the play onto Pornhub. Yeah, I swear it was in the news. People are sneaking it online that way. They're calling it Hamilton. LAUGHTER Beautiful. I just hope that some meathead guy out there, like, cracked open his laptop, feeling horny, clicked on that link, and then 20 minutes in was just like... LAUGHTER LAUGHTER I thought a character development. LAUGHTER Where are all the boobies? LAUGHTER My friend Brad actually told me that my celebrity lookalike is this porn star named Jesse Rogers. So I googled her, and the first picture that popped up was her doing hardcore anal. LAUGHTER And I got a little creeped out, realizing that my friend Brad saw that and thought... LAUGHTER You know who this reminds me of. LAUGHTER Old gaping butthole, Kelserue. LAUGHTER Yeah, old back door cook, look at her go. LAUGHTER A plus. That's the hell, Brad. I am starting to worry a little bit about the passion in my relationship, because my husband just called me Bud. Yeah. It's not a good sign. My stomach hurt, and I groaned, and he was like, Hey, how are you feeling, Bud? LAUGHTER Uh, worse. Now that I became your son... LAUGHTER It really bothered me like I could not stop thinking about it, so, uh, the next time that we had sex. LAUGHTER Right, as he was about to finish, I whispered in his ear, Make it a good one, chief. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER LAUGHTER Yeah, I have never seen a man hate an orgasm before. LAUGHTER All right, I'm Kelsieka. You guys have been so good. CHEERING
Okay. We are women. We are free. We're bringing in the picture, okay? We are women. Here are our babies. We are women. We are women. Here are our babies. We are women. Here are our shop. We are women. We have no doubt. We are women. We are free. Shut the fuck up. Thank you. Oh, my end word. What's up, homie? Oh, my end word. Oh, my end word. Yeah. Oh. What a... What a... How you act, homie? What a friend makes a mistake, huh? No, really? Oh, oh, oh. Oh, so what? It's just me getting hurt. Does that funny? No, hooch, man. What the fuck you? I'm gonna put you in the fucking ground. You laugh at me again. Man, calm down. I have met a lot of assholes in my life, but you... Oh, you're not long for this world. If this is the way you fucking act, you little junk that mother fucker. Look, how about this, man? Calm down. It was funny at first, man. I made a mistake. Unfortunately, man, you failed. It was fun. All right? I apologize. I accept your apology. Okay? All right, so... Let's hug it out. No! No! Right? You're fucking gotcha! Oh, fuck, no, I'm not funny. Fucking asshole! Oh, fuck, I... It's not a difficult... Childhood. Man, man, you all right? I'm just fucking on edge, you know? I love you, right? I would have... I would have... The fuckin'! Look, man, let's just say that you had some information for us about Michael. Michael, fuck Michael. I hope he's dead. Man, I know y'all too, man. Come on, man. You two have beef before. But what the fuck happened in North Yang? Somebody pissed you, man. Ooh! My friend Ron met these Chinese assholes. They're from Yangshan and China. We had some problems. They mistakenly thought Michael was a human being and kidnapped. Yeah, and now it looks like they hold him somewhere in a city. Yes. Come on, bro. Or go fuck yourself. Get that piece of shit. That's your fucking business, all right? He's dead to me. All right? And chances are, if and when I see him, he's gonna be dead to everyone else as well. Hey, come on, bro. Don't do that. You're pushing your luck, pal. What was that? What? What was that? Uh, nothing. Ah! Yes, all! Everybody! Assholes! Oh, you got damn d. Ah! Shit hit.
There's so many facets to this Hollywood ship, man. Just when you think you have it dialed in, there's something else that comes around and it just throws your whole shit off. It's difficult. It's longer. Like I've been doing this ship for 26 years. Finally getting the shot. But it was like, my wife and I were laying in bed. We were watching one of those shows, like one of those behind-the-music or each of Hollywood stories. We watched like four of them back-to-back and my wife hit Paul's after the fourth one. She was like, holy shit. I figured out the key to success. And I'm like, what is it? And she was like, tragedy. And I'm like, what? And she was like, every one of those episodes, you just watched had an element of tragedy that befell the celebrity in question. And that's where celebrity happens. You can either throw in the towel in the face of adversity or you can use that tragedy as fuel to propel you to the next level. And I was thinking about, I was like, holy shit, you're right. And she was like, you're right. And she was like, yeah, and you've never had any tragedy in your life. And I started thinking about, I was like, holy fuck, you're right. I haven't had any tragedy. And so I started looking around at all the people that surround me and wondering who I'm willing to let go of to make this shit happen. And then two years ago, it happened. Be careful what you asked for because it happened. Two years ago, I went to Washington, DC to celebrate Thanksgiving with my family. Went from originally. It gets hard for me to talk about it. I went back there and the night before Thanksgiving, I went out drinking with my best friends that I grew up with. And fuck. I saw my grandma's titties that night. Really guys? Really? There's a laugh in my face when I'm trying to open up to you. I don't know if you've ever seen your grandma's titties, but that's some tragedy shit. Like I'm ready to make it in Hollywood now. Like I don't even have, have you ever seen your grandma's titties? They're fucking horrendous. My grandma's titties look like two horse-nose. They're all long and vainy and one's longer than the other. So it looks like a photo finish. Big brown by a nose. They're awful. This is how it happened. Old people get up early as shit for nothing. There's no reason for old people to get up as early as they do. I'm sneaking into my grandparents' house at 2.30 in the morning, stumbling drunk. I'm trying to get in the house as quiet as possible to evade the text. And I open the front door. My grandmother standing there, we're face to face, scared to shit up. I said, woo! Woo! And I was like, woo! My grandmother's very hunchback. It's got to be hollow because it was very deep in the resident. Woo! I was coming from back there. My grandma, why are you out of bed at 2.30 in the morning? I had no idea I was on the front porch. I thought there was the newspaper. At 2.30 in the morning, the shit didn't even print it yet. Go back to sleep, but you won't, because when you're 93, sleep is the cousin of death. So once she's up, she's up. All her friends have died in their sleep. So she ain't risking it. She has a coffee I need to shuffle around the house, mainlining folder, straight to the vein. I got so much caffeine in my system, I can't even bleed. I can't die if I can't close my eyes. Come on, we're in reprived. I got so full of baby. She's up. And all I want to do is just lay down. I'm like a four-year-old. I'm just like, I don't want to just go lay down. Stop standing in the doorway, let me pass. She just wants to ask me a bunch of questions. Who are you hanging out with tonight? Who was there? We're doing a lot of fine young ladies in the house. What were you drinking tonight? Who was on the wheels of steel? You don't wait till 2.30 in the morning when I'm shit faced to start trying to relate to me? So I just had to turn the tables and start to ask her a bunch of fucked up questions and make her leave me alone. Grandma, how did you let your back and higher than your head? I just wanted to lay down. She's trying to... Why am I able to see her back in your driver's license, picture? Why is it perpetually to look like someone standing behind you? I'm probably the most fucked up question I ask. So what am I supposed to do with a funeral when you won't lay down in the casket? I'll be telling the funeral directors. We don't need the pillow. We're saving that $25. Take that pillow out of the bucket. She hasn't touched the pillow in seven minutes. She hasn't touched the pillow in 17 years. You're thinking, we're going to have to come away to the back and put her arm up on the side because we can't close the casket right now. Make it look like she's in a convertible. Like she's in a tub. All I want to do is just lay down. I'm the type of drunk that I just want to kick my shoes off and fall face first in the pillow and just knock out. That's where I am. I kick my shoes off. I fall into the pillow and I'm about to pass out. Everybody's been there where you're in that little ethereal state of being half awake and half asleep. You hear something that's thrown as you awake but you can't tell if you really heard it or dreamt that you heard it. Isn't that the scariest shit in the world? Especially when you're home alone in the house and locked up tight. You're passing out almost asleep and then you hear something. Oh shit. Is there someone in my house? Now if you're in your living room and you fall asleep on the couch and you hear a noise in the living room, it wakes you up and you're like, what the fuck was that? You might sneak into the other room and grab a baseball bat or a knife or something and be like, what the fuck? Someone in my house. There's something about being asleep and bed. Makes you lazy as shit for you. This is for your own safety. You won't even get out of bed. You just start greeting the potential murder. You hear a noise like, hello? Hello? Is that ever stopping murder from happening? Like the murder has come into the house of the knife and here's a, hello? Yeah? I wasn't gonna stab the shit out of you, but I'ma sucker for a warm salutation. That greeting was warm as hell. So anyway, that's where I am. I'm passing out. I hear the shit I've never heard before. If you've ever spent the night with old people, you know they gotta get rid of this flam. They gotta hack up these chess clams. They gotta get rid of them. This throat oyster has gotta get out. After night of Yeager Bombs, not the best time to hear this for the first time. I'm passing out and half asleep and all of a sudden you're... BOOM! BOOM! I'm so disoriented. It's pitch black in the room. I'm still doing this. What the fuck is that? Native Americans? I was like, oh shit, okay. I must be tripping. Wow. So I put my head back on the pillow as soon as my head at the pillow started right back up. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! I'm all the way awake now. I'm under the covers like a beyond. What the fuck is that? BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! After like four or five minutes and nothing happening, my fears started turning to anger and I'm getting mad. Who the fuck is watching Jurassic Park at 247 in the morning? BOOM! Turn it down! I kicked the covers off. Stubble out into the living room to turn the TV down. If not off, and when I get out to the living room, the TV's already off. That scared shit out of me. That told me whatever's making those noises in the fucking house. And like I said, I'm half black and half white at that point. My two halves completely separated. The black half of me wanted to get the fuck out of the house immediately. The white half had the insatiable urge to investigate. And the white half won. I'm inching my way down the hallway towards the only light on in the house that's coming out of the bathroom, whatever it is, it's in that fucking bathroom. BOOM! I don't even know the prayer. I'm just making up shit. What the fuck am I doing? I peek around into the bathroom. I see the most horrifying gruesome macabre shit I've ever seen in my life. I see my grandmother standing in front of the sink, wearing those horrible orthopedic support compression stockings from the hospital. She's wearing those. And that's it. Shoken up longers. Titties banging it. And the worst part is I'm seeing this happen from the back. The longest, gnarliest titties banging off the saddest ass cheeks I've ever seen in my life. Every time they're swinging back around the front, they're grazing the sink. It sounds like a full-court basketball game. For three! From downtown. He's heating up. I couldn't take it anymore. I'm like, grrr! I guess I scared her startled her. She did a 180 and almost took me out with a titties. Who's there? I was drunk, but I moved quick. It's like I said, one titties is lower than the other ones, so I had to matrix the first. I had enough time to get my timing down to double dust. The second one. This is dragging across the entire... Now she's a stand there looking at it. I'm like, grandma, close the door. I'm sorry, baby. It's the light bothering you. Initially, no. Now that I'm looking at those illuminated fun bags, yeah, kill the lights. They're awful, like grape fruits and tube socks. You look like a pro-hackie sack player every time you go up the steps. I'm like, what's wrong with you? You're like, you're a pro-hackie sack. You're like, you're a pro-hackie sack. You're like, you're a pro-hackie sack. I did those jokes on TV. Don't clap. I'm gonna get in trouble. I already got in trouble for doing those on television one time. She saw me do those jokes. I told her to watch. It was a huge mistake. She called me the next day and I just sent it to voicemail because I knew it was about... I didn't want to hear it. I was in a good mood for the show. I was like, I'm not listening to this shit. Send it to voicemail and then later on that night, I listened to the voicemail and it was in raging. It was like a minute of her yelling at me. And the worst part about her yelling at me about doing the jokes about her titties was that she leaves her name at the end of the voicemail. Like, I have no idea who the fuck it is. I guess the big reveal. She was like, I saw you out bullshit last night on TV. You talked about my titties for 20 goddamn minutes on that. So tell her what the hell is wrong with you. I know you think everything is a joke, but this ain't no joke. These are my real titties and my real life. I told all my girls from church. My church, my Bible study class to watch my grandson on TV. Now I can't go back to my Bible study class. It's all my girlfriends. Let me talk about Hick, a big long, teeny Margaret coming. You talk about my titties for 20 goddamn minutes on that. You need to knock that off. Leave my titties in my blouse and not on your routine. And you better call me back and let me know you got this message. This is grandma, by the way. Followed by her signature hang up, which is another minute and a half. Her trying to hang up the phone. Call me back this way, my old buddy. Talk to yourself. What the hell going on? I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck. I'll call the fuck.
I think our immune systems are just getting weaker, you know? I think they are. Unless you grow up in a city. I think if you grow up in a city, you have a stronger immune system, you know, because you're just raised around like taxi cab fumes and rapists and germs, you know? When I was living in New York, I saw a woman on the subway, which is a gross place, as I'm sure you've heard. And she was sitting on the subway car with this newborn baby underneath, bouncing this loose baby underneath. And I say loose baby because she didn't have the container you put them in. What do you call that? The baby cartridge, you know, is the thing. The car's the car carriage. I don't have kids, whatever. Bouncing this loose baby underneath and the baby's sucking out a pacifier. And the pacifier popped out of the baby's mouth and landed on the subway floor. I am not done yet. Luckily, this good Samaritan is a very nice unhoused man. He picks it up by the sucky part and hands it back to the mom. And the mom decantatized the pacifier, puts it in her mouth. And then she gives it back to the baby. You can grow in all you want, Providence, but we know that kid's not going to grow up to be a little blue-ass, gluten-free bitch. All right. So, that's the mother of the year award. He's welcome to the year. How are we doing, Providence? Good. Wow. Thank you. Thank you. Good to be back home. And Rhode Island. Clap it up if you're from Rhode Island. Good. Very proud to be from this state. Our nickname is the ocean state. That's a ballsy move, right? Just the smallest state in the country just up and claim the largest surface on earth. Anybody know where a motto or state motto? Hope. That's it. Period. No. Not even a full sentence. Just one word. Vague. Hope. Done. Hope. At least make it a little bit longer. Make it something specific to the state. You know, like, hope. The unemployment check comes in. Or, hope. I get custody. Something specific to the state. Can you guys tell them product of divorce yet? Is that clear? I was raised by two alcoholic parents. Two? Yeah. Okay. If you have one, that'll lead to trauma. If you have two, that'll lead to trying stand-up comedy. Okay. Showbiz, baby. People are always like, don't forget about me when you're famous. And I'm like, don't forget about me when I'm homeless. Okay. That's what I'm supposed to do. I'm supposed to do that. I'm supposed to do that. They're always like, don't forget about me when I'm homeless. Yes. Both my parents were alcoholics. They divorced when I was young. And to this day, my mom likes to say that divorce was because of my dad's drinking, and my dad likes to say that his plan worked. And it did. When you're a kid, you don't know your parents' alcoholics. They just, you know, you just see them drinking, and you're like, Do you know? Like my mom, like she was like the emotional, reminiscing kind of nostalgic drunk, you know? Like she loved memory. She lives in the past. You know, when my mom drank, she was still like, stay awake till two o'clock in the morning on one of my school nights. You know, chain smoking in the living room. I have asthma. She doesn't give a shit. It's blasting John Denver's greatest hits in the living room. Headphones on, not plugged in. So she keeps turning it up because she thinks it's like low in the headphones. I'm like, da da, enough. She loves photos. She would stay awake very late and just rip out all the photo albums and lay them on the living room floor. She would pull out individual photos and then go to the kitchen and then put them up on the fridge. The fridge was just covered in photos. It was like yarn and thumbtacks away from looking like she's been trying to piece together and unsolved murder from the 70s. She's like trying to find the zodiac killer on the refrigerator. I'm like, mom, give it up. It's a cold case. All right. That's how I found out Santa wasn't real. Yeah. Here's what I would do. Every Christmas I would leave Santa Milkin cookies. But I did something different. I used to write Santa a letter like a question I would ask him. It would be like something silly like Deer Santa. Why is Rudolph's nose red? And my mother after a bottle of white Zinfandel would use sloppy handwriting, misspell some of the words and put some of the letters backwards. So my entire childhood I was like, is Santa special needs? I don't know. That's what I was thinking. What else do I have to go off of, right? I was like, I guess it makes sense. Like he's obsessed with toys and he only eats milk and cookies. I don't know. Maybe a brain injury. He's done a lot of slippery roofs. I don't know. Christmas morning, my mom's all hung over. She's like, Dougie, did you find out why Rudolph's nose is red? I'm like, well, I think Santa landed on his head coming down the chimney we don't have. And now we ride to the short sleigh with the hell as this. It's sticky and it smells like Kaluah. Is this you? I asked why Rudolph's nose was red. You wrote because it fills with blood. What? Like a reaction, mom? Rudolph was just all horned up. Is that what it was? So the following year she tried answering my Santa letter with clippings from newspapers and magazines like a ransom note. Bring the briefcase to the North Pole of the Naughty Bitch Dice. To this day, my mom's texting looks like the Santa letter, right? She doesn't know how to text. She does the voice to text thing. Everything she texts is like these long-winded emotional mom texts that are like half caps lock, half lower case, no indentation, no spell check. Fear to mojis who you've never seen before in your life. It's like she just smashed her head on the keyboard, honestly. That's what it looks like. One time my sister and my mom were in a fight and my mom calls me and she was furious and she's like, Douglas, your sister's not answering any of my texts. I was like, first of all, that's a state. Text messages or texts for short. I was like, second of all, stop texting her all these long-winded things. These novels, she's probably annoyed by you, right? Then she's like, fine. Then she texts me right back and goes, never mind, she just responded. I was like, all right, well, what did she say? My mom goes, what does STFU mean? I responded, it stands for stay together forever unconditionally. It's your rights. I love that so much. And I was thinking, oh shit, what did I just do? I thought that was funny at the time, so I took a screenshot of that conversation and I posted that to Facebook and she sees that photo of the screenshot explaining what STFU means and she thinks it's like this tip of a cap to our love. Like I was shouting it from the Facebook rooftops. And she comments on that photo, obviously, Douglas, my angel, my only son, exo, exo, caps lock, STFU. That comment got like 85 likes, more than the original picture I posted. And the best part is she's been texting that to all my family members, you know? My aunt's like, you know what your mom told me to shut the fuck up when she invited me to the Christmas party. Nobody likes you, my daddy, so shut the fuck up, alright? My 87 year old grandma is way more tech savvy than my mom. I was just visiting her last year in California and she has Parkinson's, right? So she can't really move that well anymore. And she used to love going to church on Sundays, but now she just watches her Sunday mass on YouTube. And she has this little like smart remote that she pushes this button and she talks into it and whatever she says pops up on YouTube. So after her mass, what she would do is she would like YouTube a world city she's never been to and do like a walk through tour of the world city so she can feel like she's traveling there, right? It's adorable. And she's like, Douglas, where do you want to travel to today? And I was like, I don't know, Mimi, how about Lisbon Portugal? I've always wanted to go to Lisbon, Portugal. And she's like, okay, beep, Lisbon, Portugal. And then I go to the bathroom. I come back five minutes later. She's watching Lesbians in Portugal. And I think she was into it, honestly, a little bit. She was like, Douglas, is this where you want to go? I'm like, actually, yeah. Let's just stay away from Bangkok for a little while, Mimi, okay? Just pump the brakes on Bangkok. Yeah, she was like my maternal figure going up because like I said, both my parents drank. My dad was a different type of alcohol. My dad was like, fun drunk dad, you know? Like I used to go over his house in the weekends. I'd eat ice cream sundaes for dinner and watch girls going wild in foam urchelles. And it was great, you know? But then I got older and I started to see like how bad his alcoholism really was, you know? He was like a survivalist alcoholic, right? Like for example, if he didn't have enough alcohol in the house to get drunk with, he wouldn't drink it. He would consider it a waste, right? That's a whole nother level. When you can drink like an Irish pirate, but you have the patience of a Buddhist monk, you know? I was like, Dad, you got two beers right there. He just turns, he's like, son, that's not enough. Now he's sober though. He's sober. He's 13 years sober. I'm very proud of him. Yeah, thanks. I still drink, but that's fine. Thank you on his behalf. Yeah, he's in. My dad's in the AA program now and he's in AA and he's obsessed with going to meetings. He loves the AA meetings. He actually met his new girlfriend in AA and for sentimental reasons, he said he wants to propose to her and have the wedding in the church where they first shared their first AA meeting. So I thought it'd be adorable if the whole wedding was just AA themed, you know? Everyone wears, hello, my name is stickers. I sit in a room kind of like this, same energy right now and when the bride walks down the aisle, she only has to take the 12 steps to get there. I thought that would be appropriate, right? At the altar, they don't have rings. They just exchange little chips, you know? Let's say like 10 years, tops, or instead of I do, they say one day at a time. At the reception, right? I'm his best man, so I have to do the best man speech. But there's not going to be any champagne glasses at alcoholics and on him is wedding. So I have to do the toast, how am I supposed to get everyone's attention? I have to like find like a, you know, clink a plastic butter knife against a styrofoam coffee cup or something, right? Hi everyone, my name is Doug and I'm the best man. Hi Doug. I'd like to make a toast to my father, a man who didn't have much money growing up but still had enough money to teach me how to make a white Russian with straight vodka and powdered coffee creamer. A bloody marry with rubbing alcohol and ketchup packets. A man who taught me how to open my first beer bottle with a bottle opener that's on a key chain while it's still in his ignition. Stick around for the cutting of the wedding cake which is just made up of a bunch of still donuts over there on an unclothed fold-out table. Hey DJ, spin the serenity prayer son. All right, you're all invited. You're all invited. Well look, I'm no saint, you know, I drink, I know it's in my blood, it's red it's hairy, I gotta go easy. Sometimes you drink, you know, we can all like have a few drinks and it's fine and keep it under control but sometimes, you know, either signs that you gotta cut back, you know. Few years ago I went to a fourth of July cook out and after this cook out there was a bowl of Long Island iced tea, a bowl, yeah. And I drank roughly it and later on in the evening it was getting late and there was some mosquitoes out and there was some kids running around and I thought I was doing something responsible so I grabbed a bottle of bug spray and I started spraying all these kids with bug spray, right, to protect them from whatever the mosquitoes were carrying. I thought I was doing something nice. One of the moms comes running up to me, she's like, what the hell do you think you're doing? And she slaps the can out of my hand, it turns out it was a kind of raid, yeah. I was like it looked like it can't hold off, I'm sorry, I thought I was off. It was yard guard, it was the stuff you spray in the yard. Strong enough to keep the insects from Jumanji away. She was pissed, she's like you just sprayed my kid on the face with raid, I was like whoa, whoa, whoa. I just sprayed all the kids on the face with raid. Nobody got left out of this raid parade. She's like are you gonna call poison control because that stuff is deadly. I was like I think you need to calm down. Because it's getting late and now the mosquitoes are biting and now we're out of yard guard. I think what we should do is just lay all the kids around the perimeter of the yard to protect the adults. And I got kicked out of that cook out immediately and received my very first public urination violation. Thank you. So my case was dismissed. I don't know if you guys know this public urination only a crime for the indecent exposure, not the act of urinating. Oh, Dougie boy over here, be the system by publicly peeing in the privacy of my own pants. So yeah, you can win and lose your dignity at the same time. If a cop comes up to you behind a dumpster somewhere and he's like what are you doing over there? You could be like oh, bang the law officer. Just point to your soiled crotch. This isn't public urination. This is private urination. This is a private pants peeing party at party, pooping parade patrol officer. I literate very well when I'm drunk. Yeah, I woke up the next day. That was a rough day because I was like my allergies were kicked in and like I was taking all these allergy medicine, right? Next day woke up and I told my friend I was like dude, I blacked out. I don't know what happened last night. I think I got drugged. I was like honestly think I got drugged. He's like yeah, you're drinking a whole bowl of long iced tea and two cleared and d's. You drugged yourself. I was like well, we don't need to point fingers here. Okay. This is a cold case. This is law and order cold and flu. All right. I think I'd be a good dad though. There's this children's secondhand store in Rhode Island. I think they're elsewhere too. Maybe you guys have seen it. Very whimsical name. Very creepy name. It's called Once Upon a Child. I don't know who's in charge of their marketing team but whoa, okay. Once upon a child does not sound like a clothing store for children. Okay. That sounds like a rehab center for pedophiles. Hi my name's Frank and I was once upon a child. Hi Frank. Went to Walmart recently to buy a gift and I went to the bathroom. I had to go to the bathroom when I was in this Walmart and it was a very low point in my life and I had to go to the bathroom. The bathroom in Walmart is in the back and you're like the board game section and I noticed something very interesting when I entered the restroom on either side of the restroom entrance who was like two displays of photographs. On one side was all the Walmart employees of the month. On the other side was a bunch of missing person posters. Which is like the saddest game of would you rather ever, right? Because some of those missing people could be alive and well and the Bahamas somewhere. But those other people are definitely still the employee of the month of Walmart. Look I'm not making fun of missing people. Obviously I'm making fun of the wall near the bathroom at Walmart. That's a weird placement. There was like 35 missing people on this wall. I just went in there for a gift. That's a lot of pressure on me as a Walmart patron. That's a lot of people just to keep an eye out for. You know what I mean? There's a lot of information on all those posters too. It's a lot. You have ever jotted down the information either. So don't pretend like you're better than me. It's like they're height and they're weight and they're eye color and the hair color and then the missing sense date. What does that do for me? All that did was maybe stand there and look for the oldest missing sense date. It was a bottle of wine or something. I don't know. And I was impressed. I was like, ooh, 2009. Those are tough to find. Yeah. Not usually full body, but... I was in Walmart. I was getting a gift from my niece. She's 10 years old and she's obsessed with the movie Annie, Little Red Headed Orphan Annie. And for a birthday, I wanted to give her the DVD of Annie so she could have like a present to unwrap. So I went to the electronic section of Walmart to look for the movie and this very nice sales associate. This black woman comes up to me. This is important for the story. She goes, can I help you, honey? I'm like, yes, I'm looking for the movie Annie on DVD. Do you have that? And she's like, well, which one do you want? I said, what do you mean? She said, well, we have the original version of Annie or the remake with the black Annie. I left with two copies of Annie, everybody. I was like, she loves every Annie. All Annie's matter to her. So I bought two Jamie Foxx versions. I would have bought more, but that's all they had. Guys, the black guy liked the joke. You can loosen up your body holes a little bit, okay? Thank you, sir. I like movies. You guys like movies? I like horror movies. You guys like scary movies? Yeah. I love scary movies. But in my 30s, I watch scary movies now and they just hit different. They're not as believable, right? I just rewatched this movie I used to love. It's called Cabin in the Woods. If you've never seen Cabin in the Woods, let me explain. It's about five friends that go on a weekend camping trip to a cabin. Oh, thank you. The spoiler alert, they're all murdered at the end. They're all murdered by a bunch of robots, zombies, a giant squid monster, and ghosts. By then in the movie, I was like, yeah, right. There's no way that five friends have the same weekend off in this economy. I don't... How the hell get the time approved off? That's... How they got a babysitter? Because that's my real life horror movie. Is renting an Airbnb cabin in the Woods for five of my friends, pulling it all on my credit card, and then nobody shows up. That's terrifying. These are all problems that you have in your 30s. There's all the things that go through your head, you know? Like I just had a birthday recently, and one of my friends was like, hey, Doug, what'd you do for your birthday? You got turned up? You got turned? Did you turn up? You get turned? I'm like, no. I don't get turned up, okay? I get tired. I'm get tired. I'm so tired. I don't get turned, okay? Maybe a second wind. Maybe I got a second wind. After a nap, I don't get turned, though. You want to know what I did for my birthday? I turned off my bedroom light. I have asthma. I was feeling weasy, so I turned on my nebulizer machine because I just turned 35 years old. That's what I did. Yeah, turned down for what? The night. I'm going to turn down for the night, I think. Oh, right. I realize recently, life is all about finding moments of joy every day. And maybe your joy is seeing your dog when you come home from work. Maybe your version of joy is like seeing your kids get off the school bus in the afternoon, or if you hate your kids, seeing them get on the school bus and drive away. But I don't have kids or pets. So my version of joy looks different. Like recently, I just found the back to my TV remote, that little plastic piece. And let me tell you, pure joy, everybody. You know what I'm feeling of being like, I have been holding onto those batteries for so long. When I was younger, my joy was collecting action figures. And now I'm in my 30s, and I'm collecting essential oils all of a sudden. What am I doing? Also, why are they essential? They're not essential oil. They don't need them to live. You know what's an essential oil? That's an essential oil. If my car runs out of motor oil, like, combusting the flames, if I run out of lavender, I can't wind down at night, you know? As a difference. I'm so bad with my motor. I never check my oil. I never check it. I'm so bad with cars. All my friends are like, gear heads. They're all motor heads. They'll talk about their cars. I'm always stuck in that car conversation where everyone goes around and talks about their car and what they did to it. And then it gets to me and I have to contribute to this conversation now. They're like, yo, Doug, what's your role in it? I'm like, what am I rolling in? That's a 2001 Mitsubishi Galant 4-door. Rolley-downy windows. It's got those. Silver? No, Doug, what's your going on with the hood? Oh, onto the hood, you ask. I'm sorry. Let me just find the mechanism here to open that. Oh, here it is. Can you hold that for me? Thanks. I lost the swingy thingy. Yeah, no. Nothing fancy. Everything's pretty stock except that bird's nest. Just got that installed. Oh, the oil on my dipstick hits that little notch so I'm good for like two years or so, I think. Nobody ever taught me about cars. My mom raised me by herself pretty much. So she was just like her version of like mechanic help was like, Douglas, did you check your fluids? Did you check your fluids? I didn't know what the fluids are. She's like, did you check your fluids? Mom, my car's on fire. Well, you should have checked your fluids, Douglas. I'm telling you. My mom is, she's a year sober now, proud of her. Yeah. Because a judge told her she had to be where she would go back to jail. Yeah. That's right. So my mom had to do some time. She had to go to the clink for like 30 days. You know, she made a mistake. I don't want to say what she went to jail for, but let's just say she likes to drive. And she didn't check her fluids. Too many fluids, honestly. When you're a comedian and your mother goes to jail, it is hilarious, okay? Because when you get a call from somebody from jail, it's not them that calls you like, hey, what's going on, right? When you get a call from somebody in prison, it's like an automated system you have to go through before you talk to your friend or your relative or whatever. So when I got the call, it was like, hello, this is the Rhode Island Correctional Center. You're receiving a call from an inmate by the name of Doug. It's not to accept this call. Press nine. To deny, press three. I was like three. I don't need that right now. She had one second record her name. She chose to have a full blown panic attack. But that story has a happy ending. She's in a gang now. So it's fine. That's not really gang. It's a group. It's a Facebook group. She started in there. And now every time she called, like she knew I wasn't going to answer. So she would just like tell me what she needed in that little one second window, right? Maybe like you were receiving a call from an inmate by the name of me, my vitamins. Got to take your vitamins. I've been taking my vitamins and trying to be healthier. It's insane what we put on our bodies thinking it's healthy. Think about 200 years ago, people thought they were doing things that were healthy and now they're bad. Think about medical technology. 200 years ago, doctors were treating people with forms of medicine. They thought were top of the line back then. We looked back and we think they're still now. 200 years ago, doctors were treating people by performing leaching and bloodletting. Bloodletting. Even when somebody died on the operating table from the bloodletting, the doctors were still like, I don't know what happened. We let out like so much blood and he still died. We let out like all of his blood. This is a medical mystery. I'm boggled, frankly. I am the best bloodletter on this side of the Mississippi. That's going to be the case in like 200 years from now. Things we do and eat now might turn out to be bad for us and kill us in the future. In those future people are going to make fun of us. We're like, can you believe those idiots back in the 2000s didn't know that kale caused cancer? Yeah. That's why we now spell cancer with a K after the great kale cleanse of 2075. Wipe through it clean of those pretentious assholes. Any married people here? All right, relax. Sorry, you're not that happy. Don't bullshit me. That's fine. If you're married, you're happily married. That's great. But you know, just shut up about it. Just be quietly in love and don't talk about it. There's another pandemic going on online. It's called the Wedding Day countdown photos and these people need to die, okay? You know what I'm talking? Every time you go on social media on Instagram, it's like 572 days until I get to marry my best friend. It's like, that's more than a year, Lauren. We don't need that. 245 days, 110 days until I get to marry my... Even the people going to the wedding don't give a shit about those posts. They look at those countdown photos like it's the tax deadline. They're like, oh shit, that's next week. I don't have the money for that right now. And then finally, the Wedding Day arrives. You're like, thank God I don't have to see those Wedding Day countdown photos anymore. And then seven days later, it's like, happy one week anniversary to my best friend. And you're like, we're going up now. Remember when you're a kid in school, you find out there's negative numbers. You're like, there's more of these things. Like forever. That's all right. Dating now. Anybody, any single guys here? Single guys on the dating scene? Yeah. Are you on the dating apps? Yeah, that's okay. Everyone's on a date. This is how conditioned dating apps have made our brains. I'll see a pretty girl on the street at a bar or something. And I'll just think like, man, really hopes she pops up in my dating app. Instead of just saying hello, do you put what you're looking for? What do you put that you're looking for? What are your goals? No, well women, yeah, that's valid answer. That was a very vague question. Very progressive answer. I meant like your relationship goals, but a long-term relationship and you're genuinely looking for a long-term relationship, he's lying. Right now, he's lying. Which one are you on? You're on all of them. Yeah, just diversify your portfolio, man. That's good. Do you put your goals, your dating goals on there? You do. What do you put that you're looking for? Short-term long-term? That's two different things. I'm very serious, but I just want to fuck. At the same time. That's good, that's honest. You're honest, you're an honest, man. One of my friends, he's on dating apps and he puts that he's looking for a life partner. No. I know damn well he's not. He just told me that you have to put that or women won't entertain the conversation if they don't think you're serious. He had the audacity to complain to me that women use too many filters on their photos on dating apps. I was like, well, you're doing the same thing, buddy. Women might use filters on their photos. You're using filters over your intentions. Which is more deceptive, really. She might be using Valencia. You're using fucking sociopathia. She might be trying to hide a few blemishes. You're hiding years of unpack trauma that you haven't worked out yet. She might have the Snapchat dog filter, but you are the dog, buddy. You're a dogfish. You're dogfishing her. What's that dogfish? It should be an app, right? I had a bad date not too long ago. Very bad date. Very awkward. I want to date with one of these astrology cooks. If you're a little bit into astrology, that's fine. With this girl on the date, she brought on the first date. She brought tarot cards and energy crystals out of her purse on the first date. I'm all about laying the cards out, but not like this. One of these girls wanted to know everything about my birthday. She wanted to, like, the month I was born, the day of the week I was born, the time I was born. She was obsessed with the time. Right. She's like, what time are you born? I was like, I don't know. She's like, you don't know what time you were born? I was like, if you give me a minute, I can give you an estimated time that my uber will arrive. How about that? I was amazed she could read my birth chart, but not my body language, you know? She was like, you don't know what time you were born? I was like, it's probably on my birth certificate. She's like, well, where is that? I was like, it's how my mom's house. Okay? My mom keeps the birth certificate. All right. I needed a recent link called her. I'm like, do you know my birth certificate? She went like this, my mom. She went, Douglas, I kept the staples from the C section. Of course, I have your birth certificate. I was like, I didn't need to know that. She's like, why? It's in your baby box. I'm like, those came from your baby box. I don't need to know that. So I told this woman on the date that my birth certificate was on my mom's house. I was like, what do you want me to call my mom right now? I ask her what time I was born. And she went like this. Typical guy, such a child. I was like, I'm the child? You brought picture cards and rocks. And I'm the child. Okay. First of all, I find it so hard to believe that the alignment of the stars when you're born dictates your whole personality. Like, who you are is an individual. You know, like she's like, well, I'm a Libra. I'm a lucky Libra. Everything usually works out for me because I'm a lucky Libra. I'm like, no, you ever think that maybe everything works out for you, not because you're a lucky Libra. But maybe you were just born underneath the entitled white top moon. How about that? Maybe it was the way you were raised. I was like, how is this day going so far? Is it going well? What are the cards showing? What are the rocks saying? And she goes, I don't know. We're giving off bisexual preference energy. Bisexual preference energy. I was like, do you think that I'm attracted to men? And she goes, no, I think you're only attracted to women who are also attracted to other women. And I was like, how dare you nail day? Good for you. Nail on the head. I am an ally. An ally I want to do is see you make out with her right now. Go. It was awkward at that point. I was like, so do you want kids? And she went like this when I asked her if she wanted kids. She went, if you must know, I'm freezing my eggs. I was like, OK, I'm sorry. I want to have kids two one day. I don't know a lot about freezing eggs. What is that in tail? She was like, first, it cost $1,000 to harvest the eggs from my ovaries. And she was talking about the money. I didn't even ask how much of the stuff cost. She's like, then it costs $400 a month to keep them frozen. And I'm like, I'm pretty sure you can get a climate controlled storage unit for $100 a month with a free month. And she did not find that funny. And I was just joking. And I was like, well, you do all right. So dinner's on you tonight, right? And she goes like, that's just like, excuse me? No, dinner's on you. I'm a strong, independent woman with a good job. I don't need a man to support me financially. But I still think you should show me a little chivalry. I was like, I think those eggs were already ice cold before they were frozen. So I think they're going to be pretty chilly in there a little while longer. So bundle up eggs. But that's what it's like, Dave. You meet a lot of the wrong people before you find the one right person. You know what I mean? You know? Like my ex-girlfriend. We dated for three years, right? And towards the end of our relationship, she asked me the dreaded question. And I don't know if anybody has had this conversation. It's very uncomfortable. She goes, what's your body count? I didn't know this was a term. Did anybody know this was a term? Yeah. What does body count mean? How many people have these levels? It means how many people you've slept with, right? I didn't know that. OK. When I was growing up with 90s rap, your body count was how many people you've murdered. How many tear drop tattoos you have? Now body count means how many people you've slept with, indicated by how many lower back tattoos you have. And she asked me that. And I was like, didn't know how to respond. I was like, I don't know. I don't keep track. You know? I was like, why? Do you know your body count? How many people you've been with? And she went like this. She went, yeah. Obviously, I keep a list on my phone. I don't know what to talk. She said, I keep a list. And I have a list. That implies it could be ongoing. OK. I didn't know if this was the thing. She's like, some gals keep a list on their phone and their notes app. I didn't know that. And now I wanted to see this list. Psychologically, that messed with me. Now I want to see the list. I want to see how many names are on it. I want to see the people. I want to make sure that I'm the last name on that list. Right? And then I asked to see the list. And that was a bad idea. That made it worse. I shouldn't have done that. Don't do that. Because in my head, I thought it was going to be this professional spreadsheet list with like emergency contact information. No, it was not. It was like names and ratings. Yeah, I didn't expect that. It was like Jeremy Hott tub 9.5. Eric Eggplant emoji 8.3. And then me, Doug, that's it. No fun name. No rating. No emoji. You know what sad it is? Is he the name Doug at the bottom of a sex list? It's very sad. It made me insecure, you know? And the girl I was with, my girlfriend at the time, she was very insecure as well. She actually suffered from body dysmorphia, which is when you have a distorted self-image of your own face or body. She was a beautiful woman, but when she looked in the mirror, she didn't see the same beautiful person I saw. She saw like an ugly person. And that concerned me, because typically people date in the same league of attractiveness as each other. So I was like, well, shit, if she thinks she's a four, what does that make me, you know? So then I developed body dysmorphia also. And now I'm trying to keep us both out of four, so she doesn't leave me. She's like, when I look in the mirror, I see dark spots, a crooked nose, weird eyes. I feel crazy. I'm like, babe, you're not crazy. I see those things too, OK? And you forgot about dry skin. I love you so much. Please don't leave me. She was very insecure about her feminine region. Like, she wouldn't let me see it if it wasn't groomed, if you will. And like, I don't discriminate. You can shave, grow, full bush, whatever you want. But she wouldn't let me see it if it wasn't waxed. So one night I was like, hey, are we going to, you know? And she was like, nope, nope, not tonight. I haven't gotten waxed yet. I was like, well, I thought you just had a waxing appointment the other day. And she was like, well, I did. I went. And the girl told me that it wasn't ready yet. What? Some of the girls are laughing because they know what I'm talking about. Apparently, the hair has to be a certain length before they can wax it. I didn't know that. So when she told me she was like, it wasn't ready yet. I was like, is there a pubic hair groundhog that they bring out? Like, waxed a Tony Phil sauce five o'clock pubic hair shadow. Looks like it's going to be two more weeks of pubes, buddy. Sorry. So out of solidarity, I went to go get waxed with her as well. And as soon as I walked in, I was like, is it long enough? She's like, yes. And no, I'm like, wait, what are you talking about? Which one? Wait a second. OK. All right. She had a weird sensory sensitivity, my ex. She hated the texture of certain substances because she thought they were gross. Like, she hated the texture of lube, right? Lube. She hated the feel of lube. I don't know why. She just thought it was gross. And look, lube is a good thing. We need it sometimes. It enhances the experience, right? Maybe the mood's not right. Maybe the temperature's off. Maybe you're dehydrated. You know? Sometimes you need it. You for a cotton mouth? I don't know. It's got to have a name, cotton clam. I don't know what it's called. Does it have a name? It gets drier than the desert cactus snatch, I call it, from time to time. Yeah, cactus. You got cactus snatch because you didn't laugh hard enough a cottoncoach. That was a punishment. Guy and clam, whatever I said. I just suggested we use more lube. Just to enhance the experience. And she got all defensive. She's like, ew, no, that's gross. I don't want to use more lube. That's disgusting. That's gross. What's wrong with mine? She's like, what's wrong with my natural lube? What's wrong with my natural lube? What does it feel like? She's like, what does it feel like to you? And I panicked. I was like, you want to know what it feels like? It's like driving with the windshield wipers on when it's not raining. LAUGHTER BUZZER BUZZER BUZZER I can't keep spitting on my windshield, honey, okay? That's... LAUGHTER That's why windshield wiper fluid was invented. You got to check your fluids. You know what I mean? You got to check your fluids. APPLAUSE LAUGHTER See, that's the joke that keeps on giving. Because you guys might get in your car tonight. LAUGHTER Maybe a year from now. LAUGHTER You're going to turn your windshield wipers on when it's not raining. And you're going to think of a drive of a China, so you're welcome, Providence. LAUGHTER My name is Doug Keith. Thank you so much. CHEERING CHEERING Thank you. CHEERING You're welcome, Providence. CHEERING APPLAUSE BUZZER BUZZER BUZZER BUZZER BUZZER BUZZER BUZZER You can also remember that joke by buying one of these sweet, check your fluids t-shirts right here. CHEERING All right. They make great gifts for the kids during the holidays. They don't know what it means. It's a good reminder to check your fluids and all the proceeds go towards my mother's future bail fund. So... CHEERING CHEERING CHEERING MUSIC
What's up? What's up like y'all doing? Good, good. Last time I was out here I did the Apollo. That was some scary shit. Y'all much better than their motherfuckers. Cause their motherfuckers will boo your ass. Their motherfuckers boo me when they in the doose me. Like ladies, your hands are getting all the way from low. Mr. Ricky, boo! Boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo your ass, boo! Well say something motherfuckers. Boo! I don't mad the motherfuckers. You know that lady sitting in front of her road? I walk by her hands, I was like, boo! Boo me motherfuckers. And I wasn't mad that they booed me, right? I just mad, I don't know how many millions of people saw that shit. Cause my grandmother living in Louisiana, she called me up and she was like, hi baby, how you doing? Well you got boo. Don't worry about it, whole your damn head up, no more people booed you. Hold on your grandfather, one of my grandfather was in the background going, I don't want to say none to that motherfucker. Tell him I said kiss my ass. Made the whole Harris family look fucked up getting booed. Tell him I said kiss my black ass. Your grandfather said hi. I'll add to some other time. And I was mad man, I stayed out here though. And I worked on a film but I probably didn't see me in the motherfuckers if you didn't have a VCR and a pause button in that motherfuckers. My shit was like this. Alright boys, and I want to do films man, I want to do, cause I want to do the scary movie films man. And love making scene, you know them black, cause you never seen no black, except Wesley Snipes. And that motherfucker, Wesley be fucking in some movies man. He must have that shit in his contract. Am I fucking? Okay I'm in the motherfuckers. I ain't fucking, I ain't been in the motherfuckers. And this shit be looking real man, he be popping, that shit look too real. As I know if that was me in the motherfuckers be like, cover it, I'll be like, uh uh, keep your camera rolling. Keep the motherfuckers rolling. I'll be looking all at the camera this can be you. Oh this shit is real. Look at how I'm popping it, pow, pow. I'm telling him some man. That was it. But I want to do scary movies man, cause you never seen no black people in those scary movies. Right? You go to a movie and a scary movie, you see a black person in my black person get killed when the credits and shit roll them. You say look at that brother god damn. My fucker didn't make it past the introduction is it? And I want to do a scary movie cause you know that's what was happening. Them scary movies with them sound effects, cause that's what makes you scared the most scary movie. My favorite is Jason, the axe murderer. And have him on the fucking back cause this sound effects they're like, ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch. Cause you know when you hit that somebody about to get fucked up right? Always be like a white guy. Scooby, dooby, dooby. Oh Jesus, you hear that it's going ch ch ch ch ch. There it goes again, ch ch ch ch ch. That's why you don't never see no brothers in the movies man. Cause those are brother hit ass shit, it'd be ready to fight. Brother be walking ass real like ch ch ch, okay what the fuck you at home? No fuck this shit, I hear the ch ch ch ch. That shit is crazy man, like why you don't never see no shit like driving this days in the ghetto? Why you don't see Jason in the ghetto? No why cause my fucks wouldn't last in the ghetto. Jason would be running his ass out the ghetto like ch ch ch ch ch ch. Trying to get his ass out the ghetto. You livin' to drive through a ghetto and see Jason sittin' on the curb free basin is ya? Ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch. And Miss Daisy a billhole. Miss Daisy showin' all the suck one home boy. I know she ain't got no teeth. Hey look, I'm Ricky Harris. Peace.
13 June 1997 Open Ladies andgy, welcome to the stage, chir of the office. Director, director, producer, length of a PC, Winner of three gold worlds, 2 point time manage and 7 actors. All the way from England, Mr. Retty Jabbay! Thank you! Hello, Chicago! Hello! Hello! Hello! Thank you so much! Thank you so much! Thank you! Thank you! That was amazing welcome! I should explain something straight away. Usually when I come out on stage, it's amazing, okay? I'm doing cartwheels and back flips. It's fucking spectacular, right? But I've hurt my back. That's true, actually. I've pulled a muscle in my spine playing golf. I know what you're thinking. Sir's been right for playing such a stupid game as golf. But, um, no, I've been in agony. I'm actually on painkillers right now. So, uh, no, it's true. If I suddenly start talking like Paula Abdul, you'll know why I know. Uh, not drunk. So, when the doctor, this is true, when the doctor gave me the painkillers, he said, no, you can't drink alcohol with ease. And I went, I don't want them then. Anyway, he went, what? I said, give me some, you can't drink alcohol with. And he went, well, you're not meant to drink with any painkillers. Who are you, my fucking mother? Just... So, I've been walking around like the elephant man for days. But without the big cock, obviously. I assume you had a big elephant's cock to match the head. No, that would make things all right. Then wouldn't it? That would sort of balance it out? No, because then he'd look in the mirror and he'd sort of go, oh, no. Oh, look at that fucking head. Oh, hold on, no, what's going on down here? Swinging round and round. Let's celebrate. The buns are on me. So, yeah, that's my problems. I didn't cancel, though. I didn't hate that one. And I asked, can't you cancel? Can't you cancel? Do you just saw a throw? Oh, I couldn't go on. I was depressed. I'll pour a little artist. Can you imagine the labourer trying that? Turn it on. I've got a little ticker on on Fed up. What the fucking bricks mate? Never cancel. I had a gig in Dublin a couple of months ago. As you know, Dublin is in Ireland, which is off the coast of Great Britain. It's not part of Britain, but it's very close. It's sort of like our Cuba, I suppose. It's done. And so, okay. Dublin, O to Arena, 10,000 seats sold out one in advance, flights, but really looking forward to it. A few days before the gig, they start grounding the aeroplanes because there's a volcanic ash cloud over Britain. And if you fly through it, apparently it'll make the plane fall out of the sky. And it was like, that was it. You couldn't fly in that. I mean, a volcano goes off in Iceland, and we can't... What was the point of Iceland, really? Do you want to be... Just fill in all the volcanoes with concrete, okay? Just, in fact, tarmac the whole country and make it a car park for real Europe, because it's a waste of fucking space, okay? And so, I'm thinking, well, I've got to get there. I can't cancel. And there were sort of pop stars and people coming over America and they were canceling their flight, because they couldn't get in and out. I thought, I can't. So, I hired a helicopter, two and from Dublin. It cost me 12,000 pounds, right? Just because I couldn't bear to let anyone down or take the ferry. That was... That was still running. Sure. But that would have meant mixing with the general public. And I don't... This is about as close as I ever... So, I don't know if you're affected by the volcanic ash cloud, but I had friends that were stuck all over the world and they missed weddings and funerals, and that had to put themselves up in a hotel for extra days or that budgeted for. And they couldn't get their money back, because the airlines were saying, no, we can't pay you, because the insurance companies won't pay us, because they're saying it's an act of God. Well, what isn't an act of God? Now, if you believe in God, that's sort of a definition of Him, isn't it? That he does everything. Isn't that right? Everything is an act of Him. He's all powerful. He's everywhere. He invented everything. There was nothing before him. He invented time. Everything. He's across it all. Okay? He doesn't miss a trick, and he's not absolutely minded of volcano going off. He's not going, fuck off the oven on. You know, it's... I know with these insurance companies that can decide what is an act of God. How do they know? Okay? Have they got a hotline to God? They called Him up, do they? Ring, ring, ring, ring. Yeah, look. Could I speak to God, please? Speaking. Oh, I didn't think you'd answer the phone yourself. What did you want? Oh, that volcanic ash cloud. Was that you? Yeah. Yes, that was an act of me, alright? So I shouldn't pay out. No, don't fucking pay him a penny, son. No. Brilliant, brilliant. What have I got you here? Did you make a tree fall on Steve Baxter's car? There's a lot of Steve Baxter's. Steve Baxter, two Akasia Road, Houndslow, it happened at 2.15 on the 3rd of June this year. 2.15, 3rd of June... No, that wasn't me. I was in Africa that day, giving aids to babies. LAUGHTER He does everything. He does everything. Mmm. I don't make the rules. Well, I'm glad I didn't cancel, because it's fantastic to be a senior. A happy, smiley face is probably feeling very fortunate that you managed to get a ticket to see a living legend. Or am I? And... Jala. APPLAUSE I know, I know. You lucky, fuckers. You really? I'm joking, of course. The pleasure is all mine. Thank you so much for coming out, spending your hard earned cash. I know there's been a recession on... Someone told me. I haven't really... Does it still go... I don't... It really didn't affect me if I'm being honest. LAUGHTER Oh dear. We can laugh about it now. No, come on. LAUGHTER I don't understand a recession. It wasn't until last year I found out you could go into your bank and say, can I withdraw my cash? And they could go, no. What? No. Got it. I've got 50,000 saved. You know. Where is it? Lost it. Have you checked the vault? It's empty. What was the point of that? You might as well have kept it in a joyous spot. A little twat. I hope you enjoy the show. Well, you'll let me know, won't you? If I say something funny, you're laugh, and I'll go, oh, I'll keep that in for the rest of the tour. If I say something funny, you won't laugh, and I'll lose that bit. So some bits tonight will be exclusive to you. They... They will be the shit bits, granted. LAUGHTER OK, let's start the show. Let's get on with it. No one wants to be here all night. You can have too much of a good thing. Garnia. Like heroin. What? LAUGHTER Although too much heroin is death, basically. That's when you know you've had too much... You've got a fuck of... I'm dead. A fuck. That's the thing, though, with heroin. You know, try anything once. Kids, sure. But know this. Right? No. You think, I'll try it. I'll try it, heroin. I'll just try one. Give me a heroin. OK? Just have one. Oh, what's it like? Oh, it's fucking lovely. I want more. I can't just tap... It's like pringles. It's like... One should pop. You can't stop. That's... I think that's how it works. I'm not an expert. Believe it or not, I've never been a heroin addict. No round of applause for that. See? No. No round of applause for never having been a heroin addict. If I ever come out and go, yeah, I used to be a heroin addict. I used to mug people and shit myself in doorways. Right? But, it's Ali. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He hasn't done those things for a while. He hasn't done those things that we never did in the first place. Why are you applauding someone for suddenly acting like a normal member of society? It's like... It's like I've lost a bit of weight. I've lost about 20 pounds. Exactly. No. No. You're basically applauding me for only eating as much as I need now. I should have... I should have always been doing that. I got fat because I was a greedy lazy. I was a greedy lazy bastard. There's no other ex-boy... And I... I... I need the people that... They can't be down. They go, oh, well done. You look great. But they won't tell anyone I looked terrible. They're basically saying I looked terrible. But no one told me at the time it was really taboo. I needed weight as to come over and go, fuck off. You've had enough. Right? And that I've been criticized in the past for having a go at fat people. I've never had a go at fat people. I've only ever pointed out the fact that you get fat. If you're taking more calories than you burn off. That's simple science. I don't judge them in any other aspect of their life. But that's how it happens. You get fat. If you're taking more calories than you burn off. Okay? And that's indisputable. Okay? Now, the thing is, people think I'm having a go. I'm not because I don't judge them. If I see a fat person, I don't make assumptions about him other than how they got fat. And this is the other thing. They not... No, wait, wait. Right? Not only is that what makes you fat. People know that's what's making them fat. No one got fat behind their own back. No one... And they went, what the fuck's that? Okay? It's not a surprise. It's a gradual process. You have loads of time to back out from this project. And he... Also, no one's sneaking into thin people's apartments. And injecting their lettuce with a million calories. That doesn't happen. Okay? They know what's... If you've got to blow it with these surrounded by cakes and pies. Right? And you go, you're not just making you fat, don't you? And you go, is it all the running? He knows what... But I don't make judgments. Okay? Other than how they got fat. Okay? If I see a fat person, I don't go, oh, he's fat. Therefore, he's jolly. Right? A lot of them miserable, aren't they? If... If I see a fat girl, I don't go, oh, she'd be pretty if she lost weight. That's rarely the case. Okay? So, don't fall for that. Okay? A lot of them started eating because they had fuck all to lose. So... No. But there's no stigma attached. Because people don't even want to use the word fat now. Because I think it's derogatory. It's a real taboo subject. So they use euphemisms. They go, oh, you know, Brenda, the big girl. What? Seven foot... No, no. Not to. She's like, Brenda, you know, she's the one who's clammy even in winter. Just say she's fat. Nothing wrong with it. Is there a choice up to you if you want to be fat? It's fine. They go, you know, Brenda, she's out of breath just standing up at her desk. But, even though it is their own fault, and it is their own fault, I think sorry for them. Right? Now I do. Particularly fat women, because fat is a feminist issue. Men get fat and we just go fuck it, all bought and paid for, you know. We don't come under the same constraints of society. Or as women are inundated with images of how you should be. Sci-zero models, this diet, that diet, look like this, keep your man. And they make such an effort, don't they, fat girls? They've all got lovely hair. Oh no, they're all having their hair. They've all got lovely hair. Oh, it's got lovely hair. Oh, it's got those lovely false nails. Oh no, they make an effort. Anything but jogging. Right? They love high heels, don't they? They think it makes their legs look less, it doesn't. It just... Even just here I'm coming now. I don't want any fat people to feel uncomfortable with one of my gigs. So next time, buy two seats. I'm joking, I'm just joking. Shada. I'm not having a go. I'm just pointing out, you know, I was listening to the radio in England a few weeks back. Radio 4, quite high brow. There was a discussion about political correctness. My name came up straight away, right? And there was a phone on there going, oh yeah, well it's not right. I'm Ricky Gervais and he makes jokes about fat people. He wouldn't make jokes about gay people, would he? And being fat is like being gay. What? No, it's not. What? You can't choose your sexuality. As we've established, you choose whether to eat too much or not. You know, with your sexuality, you're born, you grow up, you discover you like same sex relationships. And that's it, your gay, okay? For being gay, to me the same as being fat, you'd have to be born, be straight, grow up knowing your straight, but gradually and consciously, wean yourself onto cock. Oh, happy 16th birthday son. This is Raoul. Sook his cock. Sorry father. Sook his cock, 16 now. Sook his cock. I'm heterosexual. Oh, with his new fangled words. Sook his cock, come on. I don't like cock father. Doesn't like cock. How do you know if you've never tried it? Ah! Sook his cock. I've got sook a one cock. Sook, that's not sook in it. I was playing with it. Put it in your mouth. Put it. Oh, look, look, look. Have a go, you might like it. It's not so bad, is it? I fucking love these. If that happened, then being gay would be the same as being fat, but it doesn't. So it's not, okay? I was on a plane last year, okay, going from the beginning. Okay, going from New York to LA. And me and my girlfriend were one side of the plane. There was the aisle. And the other side there were these two huge fat women. Proper, proper, proper fat. One of them just got on and went, can I have about extension? Yeah, of course you can, you've earned it, right? So, proper. In fact, I was thinking of calling the pilot out and going, should one of us swap with one of them. Otherwise, we're just going to Canada. Do you know what I mean? Look. And one of them was even fat and the other one, okay? And she was there and she'd got on the plane with one of those takeaway buckets of fast food. Bucket. I mean, there's your first clue. When did that happen? When did fat people just give up? When did they go into a shop and go, oh fuck it, just treat me like a farm yard animal. Really? Give me it in a bucket. In fact, just strap it to my fucking head and I just, a bucket. Really, you want your meal in a bucket? Yes. Right? So, she's there and she's chowing down, right? And I swear, she turns to her fat friend and says, this is the best fried chicken I've had all day. But I'm not having a go. I'm not having a go. No, no, I'm not. Because even though it is their own fault and it is their own fault, I don't know if you know this about fat people. They fucking love cake. I love it. They love it, right? And I blame the food industries because you're going to supermarket and it's just packed with that stuff. Everything's packed with hydrogenated fats and extra calories and sugar and butter and everything. And they love that, okay? And there's always a big door, isn't there? To a supermarket? There's always a, they've got quadruple doors, isn't it? No one's ever been too fat to get through the door of a supermarket, okay? And it opens automatically. So after waste, calories pushing anything. There's just, and it's a good job at home, sort of, I'm actually choosing its glass and they can see the pie from down the road and they're in like that. Grazing, right? So I say, keep the big door, keep the big door, sure, keep the big door, come on fat people, come in and go. But when they get in there, it's all fresh fruit and veg. It's all whole grain, it's all stuff that's good for you, okay? Of course they'll be confused at first, that's not real food to them. They think Brussels Fouls is packaging, right? They're looking, where's the cakes? Where's the cakes? The cakes are over here, but the cakes are through a different door, but this door is human-sized, okay? So now they go, there's the cakes, they're going to, oh, fuck, I can't get in, I can't... I can't get through the fucking door, I can't... They're starving, I go, oh god, what's this, I got a pizza, what's this, a banana? Oh, no. And they're going, oh no, it's still got back another carrot. They're back and forth for days and the fat's fallen off them, so they can slip through the door. And I have a cake, they can't get out again. No, but I mean... But we've got to do something, we've got to intervene. And people say, no, it's not to do with you, it's up to them, it's their body, it's their life. And that's true, but we don't say that about wearing crash helmets, or if you've got a hair and addict in the family, you don't go, oh, it's his life, you love Zeroin. You know, you go, no, you've got to stop this, you'll, please, don't die. And you get him, and you throw him in a cupboard for three weeks or something. You can't throw a fat person in the cupboard, you're back in like me, but you know, hair and addicts, I don't weigh anything, you can throw him around willy-nilly, right? But when they lie in there with the needle hanging out, you just get the needle on flick, and they just go into the cupboard like that, okay? Fat people, you've got to lure them in. A little trial of chocolates, and they just follow that anywhere, like that. But we've got to do something, because a third of the world or a beast, and a third of the world are starving. The fat ones are eating the skinny ones food, basically. I know most of the skinny ones are in Africa, so outside out of mind, I know, but no, no. I can talk about Africa like that, because I'm from Britain, and we used to own it. We did. When we had the Empire, and we ruled the world before you took over, we used to, we owned Africa. But then in the 50s and 60s, Africa wanted to be south ruled, they wanted independence, and they said, look, we'd like to run ourselves, we went fine. So gradually we started giving Africa back to the Africans, and by the 70s, it was totally run by the Africans themselves. And of course, in the 80s, we get a phone call. Hello? Hello? Who's that? Africa. What do you want? We're starving. You should have thought of that. Before you wanted independence. Well, we didn't know there'd be a drought, did we? Drought, I'll give you a drought. This is true. When I was a kid, I was about 10, we had a really long hot summer, okay? And there was a hosepipe band. You couldn't water your flowers. We've all suffered. So that's true, actually. One long hot summer, and the water ran out, and we didn't know what to do. We thought, what could we do? And there was people coming around, you're house trying to tell you how to conserve water. They were saying things like, when you brush your teeth, don't let the tap just run. You know, put a little glass there. And they came around, they were putting house bricks in the system of the toilet to save water. And there was public information films on the television. There was one advert that was like an animation, and it was like a couple in the bath. And it said, conserve water. Take a bath with a friend. Which I did. I say a friend, he was more a friend of a granddad's. But no. Ten pounds is a lot to a kid in England. What? He taught me a lot. Stuff like, you don't wash it like that, give it here. No, it was a sweet old man. I used to call him granddad Charlie. He wasn't my real granddad. He was just no bloke that lived across the road. He used to come around whenever he saw my parents go out. He'd come around, momma and dad out, oh, you want to see a magic trick? Yeah, he'd draw the curtains. And he'd close my eyes. And he'd sit down, and he'd put a top hat on his lap, like that. A magic hat. And he'd go, close your eyes, it goes and feel the magic rabbit. And I used to go up and I used to go, I used to go in, I used to feel the little, the weird little thing it was. Didn't have any fur or ears, right? And he used to go, and it was scared stiff it was. It was terrifying. Right? And he made a stroke it for, and I stroked it so fast once that it was sick all down my... Shada, shada, faka. Oh dear. Oh. Well, was I, oh yeah, famine. Famine is a problem. Which brings me to this next fad that we need to stand out. This happened Christmas before last, exchanging gifts with old friends, good friends. Quite well off friends, if I'm being honest. I got them a coffee maker machine from Harrod's, top of the range. They loved it. They gave me my present, it was just an envelope. I thought, oh, what's this, vouchers? Open it up, it wasn't vouchers. It was just a card with a picture of a goat on it. And I said, what's this? They went, oh, our gift to you is we gave a goat to an African family. What? I'm looking at the coffee machine, is it too late to take that back? Is it too late? What is it? Oh, we gave a goat to an African family. Did you? Oh. So, I've got fuck all then, basically. I mean, I don't even know this African family. Why would I give them a goat? This serves no purpose at all. This is no good for anyone. They're 50 quid down. I've got nothing. The African family's going, not another mouth to feed. Right? The goat is going, where the fuck am I? What the f- this is? Shit! A wicking I was gambling around. The cot's rolled. There was grass and torus with nuts in it. This is a fucking dust bowl. There's no way that goat wanted to go to Africa. It was basically, no, it was kidnapped. It was abducted. It was put in a sack and bundled on a boat to Africa, like roots in reverse. There is no way. They went, do you want to go to Africa? You went definitely not. No, no. Oh, come on. Why don't you want to go to Africa? Lions! Come on. Why don't you want to go to Africa? I'd... Well, that shouldn't affect you. It shouldn't. So just be careful with that charity shit, particularly at Christmas. That's when they get you. They give you a guilt trip at Christmas. All the adverts of a charity at Christmas. You're sitting at home, aren't you? I mean, your Christmas lunch, loads of food, too much food. Probably going to throw a lot of it away. And things like this come on the Tony. This runs every Christmas day in England. It goes, is there an old lady near you, cold and lonely this Christmas? Yet a fucking hater. Noisy bitch, one's me up all year round. I can't wait for the cold weather. There's no old lady near me. She died last year of hypothermia, so result. Brilliant. The other big one is a doggy's for life. Not just for Christmas. Right behind that, I'm really into animal welfare. And that's obviously aimed at parents whose kids go, can I have a puppy? Can I have a puppy? Can I have a puppy? No, can I have a puppy? Oh, they get them a puppy to shut them up, right? And the kid likes it when it's cute. It grows up. The kid gets other interests, gets bored with the dog. They love the parents with it. The parents get bored with it. They abandon it. 11,000 pets are abandoned in England last year, which is terrible. And I think, you know, kids should have pets. I think it teaches them life lessons. I haven't got kids of my own, but I've got loads of niece and nephews. And they've got kids there, now. And I want to be a cool uncle and give them what they want. But I want to be a responsible one to and not add to the stray problem. But I think I've solved the dilemma. Here's a tip. This is what I do anyway. You've got a way to Christmas Eve. And I always go to an animal rescue centre, not a breeder. And I go along to an animal rescue centre, Christmas Eve. And I go to the veterinary part. And they've usually got, like a run, who's been born sort of disabled with no quality of life. And they're just putting that out of its misery. Right? And I go, no. Don't kill that one. I'll take that one. And they go, it's only going to live a day. Perfect. Perfect. So, and I run home. I'm going, don't die yet. Don't die yet. Little bit of Starbucks. Little bit of Starbucks. Oh, no, no, no. And I rush in. I call my niece. She comes running. I'm completely, I've got your puppy. Oh, you've got me a puppy. Yeah, your best uncle got your puppy. Yeah. Go and play with it. Go and play with it. I'm going to play with it. I'm going to play with it. I'm going to play with it. I'm going to play with it. I'm going to play with it. And she takes it to bed with her Christmas Eve. And she sleeps. And she wakes up. Christmas Day is dead. Cold. Steph gone. So, result. Not a problem. And they always come down the next day. They're going, oh, my puppy's dead. My puppy's dead. Oh, what the puppy your uncle got you. He did his bit and whatever happened after that. Isn't his problem. They go, yeah. And I go, oh, maybe you rolled over on it the night. Oh, did I? I don't know. Oh, no. And they start, I killed my puppy. I killed my puppy. I go, no, you didn't kill your puppy. Jesus killed your puppy. On his birthday. Because you didn't spend enough on your uncle's Christmas present. They usually put their ideas up the next year. The other big campaign at Christmas. Don't drink and drive. Right behind that as well. A lot more stigma attached to that these days. When I was growing up, it was whether you've got away with it or not. But people now know it sort of, it's, it wrecks lives. I'd be getting in a car when I was a kid with grown-ups and family. And they're going, no, you can't drive. You had too much to drink and they're like, oh, I won't get caught. And now that people know that's right. And I've done it once and I'm not proud of it. I'm fucking ashamed of it. And that was Christmas. I wasn't drunk, but I was over the limit. And I took the car out and I knew I shouldn't. I knew I shouldn't be driving. But I learned my lesson because I nearly killed an old woman. And no, in the end, I didn't kill her. In the end, I just raped her. But as I say, nothing came of it. Luckily for me, a thousand to one shot. She had Alzheimer's. So not a credible witness. Spiders. Oh, spiders. They're always ready, aren't they? Aren't they? They're always ready for action, a spider. It's always completely fucking ready for action, like that. Always ready for action. Always. I mean, some animals are sometimes ready. You start on a cat and they go, for a few seconds and it goes back to chill. Most of the time, a cat is just laying on the floor and it just on its side, all four limbs just stretched out in one direction. You will never see a spider like that. You will never see a spider just lying on the carpet. It's head down and all like legs just stretched out like that. They're always ready. They're always ready. And they're always ready in every direction, like the fucking matrix. Like that. They don't have to turn. They've got ten eyes, eight legs and ten eyes. It's over the top. And they're even ready when you don't think they're ready. You can see an empty web. Okay, and you go, that spider's not ready. No, touch the web. What? Touch the web. And it's there. Ah, I fucking hate them. 37,000 different species of spider. I mean, millions and billions of individuals in each species. And that's just one class, a ratnid, of one phylum, our fropter. There could be five million species of animal alive now on the earth. Best guess, okay? And that's one percent of all animal species that have ever existed. 99 percent of all animal species that ever existed and now extinct. And that remaining one percent is five million strong. Take one of those species, termites. If we were to weigh every termite alive now, it would be ten times the tonnage of every human being on earth. And it's statistics like that that make me think that this book isn't totally accurate. Um... It's the book of Noah. The children's edition. I actually got this awarded to me when I used to go to Sunday School every week. I believed in all this till I was eight. Um... It's an Agnes Sunday School presented to Ricky Givayas. R.I. Double Kayi. Like a fucking mongoose, right? For regular attendance. Not even for being good at anything, just for turning up, right? He's always there, give him a prize, he'll be back. Thank you. Thank you. Let's have a look at the evidence. Long, long ago, when God forbid, I'll let both of those points go, we haven't got time. Long, long ago, by the way, according to the Bible, was five thousand years. According to the Old Testament, the earth is no older than five thousand years old. It's actually four point six billion years old. Let's pop that in, pop that in. Four point six billion years ago, when God first made the earth and sky, oh, I don't big it up, it's like, it comes as a package, really, doesn't it? I mean... Do you know what I mean? The sky was never an option an extra. It's like, made your planet, I can't breathe. Would you like an atmosphere? Of course I fucking would, so... Well done, but... Everything was peaceful, everything beautiful. God made human beings too, and he wanted them to be good like himself, arrogant. Right? But very soon they wanted their own way. They would not listen to God, they became wicked and did wicked things. Look, I'm doing wicked things there. You don't get much more wicked than that, do you? Fuck off, I'll fuck off, wicked! Freak! Fuck off, wicked! Freak! Ah! God, just looking on, I'll carry on, see what happens, see what happens. I'll see what happens. Yeah. I'll see what happens. Bloke there, running off of the big bag of money. Don't put it in a bank, you can't. God looked at them and said to himself, they are so wicked, I will have to wipe them off the face of the earth. Really? Really? Straight to genocide? What happened to one verbal and two written warnings? Straight to the annihilation of the entire human race, because a fatty yellow trowels has picked someone's nose. Really? Fuck. Anger management, Matt, just calm the fuck down, let's cracklots. Just, just talk about this. Wow. I read that to Karl Pilkington, right? Who is, yes. Yes. He'd like the fucking orange, I know, yeah. And I read that bit to him, they are so wicked, I have to wipe them off the face of the earth. And Karl said, he sounds gay. I said, what do you mean? He went, some gays, a bit like that. He thought God was having a hissy fit, right? No, they treat me like a bastard, I'm going to treat them like a bimax show them. I'm a whethnaggot. I said, Karl, God is not gay, okay? Read the Bible, he hates them. They are so wicked, I will have to wipe them off the face of the earth. And every living thing with them, was the squid ever done? Weird God, they've gone mad. But he's not gay, God is not gay. But there was one man who was still very good, his name was Noah, he was a friend of God, just a friend, so don't know. Just a friend, a friend with big hooped earrings. Rouge. What, what's he do, he lives in a cave. What's he doing with this? What, what are you doing? Seeing God. You never know. Handle bar moustache. Holding God's hand. Who's wearing a blouse? God is not gay. God said to Noah, I'm so angry with men. You mean men and women? Whatever. I am so angry with men that I've made my mind up to destroy them all. I have stretched my bow in the sky, it's a rainbow. That's got to be the world's first pun, isn't it? It will make so much rain pour down on earth that everything will be drowned, but not you. I want it to build an art. It will be like a big boat with three decks and a roof over it. I know I'd build a boat, mate. Andrew and Michael Dora in the side of it. Do you think I could complete idiot? No, I did exactly what God told him. And then God said to Noah, okay, now this is aimed at children and admittedly. It's taken from the Old Testament story in the Bible, but I don't think the author of this book is a zoonologist. He said there could be five million species of animal. I don't think he knows them all the way, backs out very quickly in this next sentence. I want you to take two of every kind of animal with you into the ark. Two lions, two tigers, two elephants, so on. What, I brought lions, tigers, elephants, so on. There you go. Look after them well and keep them alive. Noah did what God said. Now I want to study that scenario. Okay, so God is angry with mankind. He's fed up with them, they're wicked. He's going to wipe them out and just start again with Noah and his wife. He's angry with the animals too for some reason. So he's going to start again with just two of each species. He calls a flood, they build an ark. That's right, two of each species, two, just two, right, quick. First two. Oh, there's a stampede. Two elephants, two two cons, just walking. Just, just, just. There's no rush. Just strolling, baby. I think this one is a bit more concerned than this one. This one's probably going, should we fly? No. No. No. I can't do this all night. No. No. Sure. Yeah. I mean, we've got wings. We've got feet as well. Why don't you want to push in? That elephant's looking at me funny. Yeah. I fucking have. If you try and push in, I'm going to stamp on you. You big nose, twat. Hold on. Are you calling big nose? What do you mean? No, I just pop call and kettle black. What the fuck does that mean? We know if a pot's, but I'll forget it. I can't forget it. I'm a fucking elephant. Oh. Two camels, two lions, two ostriches, two leopards, two tigers, two zebra. Ah, here's the crux of my point. Just one species on the arc at the moment, the giraffes. They've got their first longer legs. Five million more species to get on there. Two of it. Two animals on the arc at the moment. Ten million more animals to get. Ten million more of those. Ten million. As far as ten million of them to get on there, just two on there at the moment. Look how much room they're already taking up. It's a third capacity. What's it going to be like on there when these two fat cunts get on? Then God bent the bulb his anger and the rain came flooding down covering the earth with water. It rained for 40 days in nights. The flood water rose higher and higher until it covered the tops of the highest mountains. Every living thing was drowned except Noah and the animals in the arc. And the fish. They were fine, weren't they? They were fine. They were loving it. They were better off. In fact, all the sea creatures. I mean mountains underwater, they're domain had increased like tenfold. Also, it's so much more interesting. You've got crabs going, I'm on a fucking mountain. This is amazing. I never want this flood to work. I've never been up here before. I think of that when you see on the news. Like, if there's a little village in Gloucester flooded or something. It's really sad. You see people who have lost their homes and their in dinghies and they're carrying their pets. And you see a little rural antique shops completely underwater. And I think of a fish just looking in the window of the antique shop for the first time. So that's a shed long. For 150 days the earth was covered with water. Then now I open the window of the ark and looked out. The water seemed to be going down, but how could you be sure? Well, I ask God you've been chatting to him all the way through. Why are we... Why are we getting cryptic all of a sudden? He sent a raven out, but it soon came flying back. It could find nowhere to settle. No, I waited another week. Can he set out a dove? Why did the raven lose his job? But the dove came back too. See, the raven wasn't bullshit. This is... There was still no dry land anywhere. But one day the dove flew out and... Why did the dove get a second go and not the raven? Racist. But one day the dove flew out and brought back a green olive branch. And no one knew that God was no longer angry. Then God told Noah to let the animals out of the ark. Then once more, he'll feel the earth will live in things. The first thing Noah did was to build an altar. He offered a sacrifice to God to thank him for saving them. And Noah said, I will make a pact of friendship with you. I will never again send a flood to destroy the earth. The rainbow which I put in the sky will no longer be a sign of my anger, but a sign of peace. It will be a sign of my friendship with men. There it is. That is how it is used today. They took it literally. It will be a sign of my friendship with men, which begins today. And which my son Jesus will one day prove by shedding his blood for men. Who? Your see? There was... There was no teaser campaign in the Old Testament. But... Coming soon, the sequel. And... And so when you have done wrong and you are feeling very sad about it, think of the rainbow and the peace which God wants to put into your heart. He has promised to be your friend, promised to be his. And that is just one of 12 in the Dove Book series. I have only got one, number nine now. Although I think my favourite would be number eight just from the title, Jesus and the cripple. Thank you. Cheers. I read that whole book to Carl and he believed it all. Why wouldn't he? It's written down. And I said, Carl, think how could they get 10 million animals on a boat? Carl went, they said it was a big boat, yet they did. That's true. I said, but they are all part of the food chain. They would have literally had to have eaten each other to survive. Why didn't the lion eat the ant lope? Why didn't the spider eat the fly? And Carl said, because in a crisis you will pull together. Amazing. I would love to do a book of his quotes. I love books of quotations. I would just read them for pleasure. I have a few of these compilations. One of my heroes is Winston Churchill. And when I read, give us the tools and we will finish the job. I thought, how inspiring. And when I read, never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few. I thought, how patriotic. And when I read, it is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. I thought, you cheeky fat git. People always say to me that Oscar Wilde is the greatest genius that has ever lived. Let's have a look at the evidence. Here's one of these. All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That is his. That sounds a bit gay to me. Give me another one. I couldn't help it. I could resist everything except temptation. That sounds gay as well. I think. I want to start that with anew. I want to go, aw, I could now pitch. You know what I mean? And I want to end it with, I can resist everything except temptation. Chance will be a fine thing. And when he went through customs in New York, all those years ago, and the customs officer just doing his job said, have your own things declared, Oscar Wilde, famously said, nothing but my genius. Woo! Wasn't witty about you plan that. About the first time I went through customs in the foreign country, it was all yes sir, no sir. And he declared, no thanks, I need to go. Oh, I just thought something fucking brilliant was saying. Oh, I'm always doing that. Excuse me, can I go back to, no. Oh, yet wait weeks in those days, back on the boat to England, just think it all right. If they say that again, and then declare, nothing but my genius, I'll be in a book of rotations. He gets there again, weeks later, finds the same bloke, goes up to him, bloke goes on you go, didn't even fucking ask me that time. Excuse me, didn't ask me if I had it random, fucking random. Right, back on the boat, three weeks later, gets there this time, finds the same bloke, this time he's starting looking shifty, so he gets picked out like that. All right, bloke goes, goes. All right. Did you buy anything? That's not the question. Say it when things declare. Okay, have your own thing declare. Nothing but my genius, who's the butt plugs, fair mine? In castrated in Reading Jail for homosexuality, we've come a long way from it being punishable to total equality as it should be, of course. In England, the gauge you can send, same as heterosexuality now, 16, and even gay marriage. Although ironically, the one place that was really ahead of the game fell behind a little at the last election, California. They had a referendum, they put it to the vote, and they voted no to gay marriage. I mean, in California, there's people going, that's why we moved here. It's a strange sort of bigotry that you can affect someone else's lifestyle that doesn't affect you back. It's not like they asked a bloke once, sorry, do you mind if these two men get married? They went, no, fine. Okay, jack him off then. What? I didn't know that was going to happen. That doesn't happen. That doesn't happen. It's also a strange sort of bigotry because these people that object to that presumably the same people that said gay people were, immoral and promiscuous, but now they don't want to be monogamous and respectful in the eyes of God. And it must be so confusing to a gay guy in California thinking, that's the bit they don't like. With all the other shit we get up to, it's the marriage bit that must so confuse them, must go to judges and go, sorry, can I get the rules straight? What do you want to know? I just didn't know what we can and can't do. Ask away. Can I marry a man? No. Can I fucking put the arson, give him a little retrial? Please. I'm going to give him a little retrial. Please. Can't marry him. No. But in the middle. Come here. Can I pick up a stranger in the bushes and take him home and jizzle him and throw him out in the morning or crusty and homeless? Of course you can't, yeah. But I couldn't marry him. No. No and don't ask again. Can I line up 15 men? I'm just riffing here. Can I line up 15 men and just jack him off for a laugh? If you want? Yeah. Yeah. It would be difficult wouldn't it? Jacking off 15 men at once. It would be like plate spinning. No. Because you don't even need a tour once really. So you don't have these two ready to blow. But then they'd be losing it and you'd go, fuck it up. Oh, fuck no. Oh, fuck no. Oh, fuck no. Oh, fuck no. Oh. And it's Nakhrin. Jacking off 15 men at once. Never thought I'd say that. Oh. Again. No. There's these people that say being gay isn't natural. Well, it is natural. And I've got a book to prove it. Homosexuality occurs in about the same incident in the animal kingdom as it does in human society. This is a real book. It's called Biological Exuberance. Animal Homosexuality and Natural Diversity by Bruce Baga-Mill. Okay. The evidence is compelling and it seems there is virtually no species which does not have its gay community. That doesn't mean like chimps on one particular street wearing leather caps and stuff. They sort of spread it out more, really. This is a real book. Can we have the first slide, please? Right. Okay. Right. This is a real book. Okay. Right. Absolutely real. Okay. Two male stunk town macaques in Mutual Felatio. Mutual. They're sharing. They're sharing it around. Next slide. Okay. A male squirrel monkey, right, performing a general display toward another male. He's just going, what do you think of that? And this one's going, what? Suck it. Okay, his little hand. Why? Because we're gay. I'm not you fucking arm. Look at the way he's holding him and he's got his leg up for extra purchase. He's got, get in there, get in there, get in there. Look at him. Can you imagine my face when I discovered this book? Oh my God. Next slide, please. Ah, okay. A female Olympic Marmot mounting another female. Now, I don't know what is in that for either of them, unless the one on top is wearing a strap on Dildo. One more, one more slide. Oh, this is a doozy. Two forms of copulation between male dolphins, genital slit or anal penetration above, and below, blowhole penetration. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Basically, he is fucking him in the head. He's fucking him in the head. Like, I have never seen that on any wildlife documentary. I've never, why have I never seen that before? Why are they doing that? Maybe it's not in the wild. Maybe it's in Sea World, which is like their prison. And they're going, they're going, fuck, say. They put in two males. They, something we think we're fish. We might as well fucking do it, okay? I mean, look at his face. Ha. He's going, Dave. What? Could we not do it at the ass like them? No. It's in the head or nothing. Dave, what? What? Dave, Dave. I love you. But I can't fucking breathe. That is a real book. That is a real book. Can we have a look? I love the fact that he found like a turkey and drag. To show how gay animals could be. The gayest animal in the world. I hope I haven't offended anyone with any of the subject. No, I do. I do. I don't want to try and offend. If I have offended anyone and I'm sure I have, I don't apologize. No, I think you should be able to justify everything you do. I think a comedian should take you to a boo place you haven't been before. Otherwise you could do it yourself. There's enough anodyne comedy out there doing things obvious stuff. There's this spate of comedians saying sorry when they go too far. You should know better than that. There's a witch hunt at the moment with people saying, is there anything you shouldn't make a joke about? No, there's nothing you shouldn't joke about. It depends what the joke is. Comedy comes from a good or a bad place. It's for you to decide what that is. I think there's a big debate about sick jokes. The thing about sick jokes, when we tell a sick joke, it's with the express understanding that neither party is really like that. I wouldn't tell a sick joke to a known pedophile. I wouldn't go, mate, you're going to fucking love this more than anyone's son. It's not up. I've never been in trouble for anything I've said in my professional career, because I refuse to apologize. What can they do? Growing up, you try things out and you get taken the wrong way a little bit. I mean, you know, not... When I was about 23, 24, me and my girlfriend met up with this other couple. They'd moved down from the north of England to London. They used to come in the place, so they used to work. We had a couple of drinks for them. They were cool people and they were fun. After we met them a couple of times, they invited us to a party at their house. We went along. One, it was a dinner party, which they hadn't warned us about. One, it was for their family that had come down from the north to see how they were getting on. Both that said parents and grandparents and great uncles average age about 85. I think we were in afterthought. Oh, God, we don't know anywhere on our age. Oh, that Ricky and Jane. We went along and we were still getting to know them, so we just spoke to them all night. We didn't really mingle with the older people. As I say, we use comedy as a sword and a shield and a medicine, but usually as they get into know you, okay? We use comedy to break the ice. Are you like-minded? What can you take? What do you like? And I've always sort of pushed the boundaries a little bit to try and make people laugh at things they didn't think they could. But then everything turns out okay, I suppose. And I started off lightly. I told this joke. Why did the little girl fall off the swing? Because she had no arms. Yeah, sweet. And they laughed a little bit louder than that. There was only two of them, so thanks. No, so I thought, okay, they get it. They let us go and show you up the ante a little bit. I don't know, you push. And I told this joke. Oh, I need a drink. Start the car, seriously. All right. I told this joke. Make sure the old people couldn't hear. I went, okay, father sitting at home, just reading the newspaper. This little girl comes running in. She's only six. Hello, darling. Hello, darling. You've been playing, yeah, in the park. Yeah. With your friends. One till the man came along. Yeah, man came along. And he asked my friends to leave, so it was just me and him. Darling, go over. Whatever happened, none of it was your fault. Okay, darling. None of it was your fault. But tell daddy every detail what happened. He took me behind a tree, so you know I could see what you were doing. Oh, God, darling, and then what happened? He took my dress off. Oh, God, what happened next? He took his thing out. Oh, God, darling, and then what happened? Nothing, that was it. Oh, we'll make something up. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE CHEERING CHEERING APPLAUSE CHEERING APPLAUSE CHEERING APPLAUSE CHEERING CHEERING Thanks. APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Don't tell anyone that. I wanted to be a surprise. So I told that joke. Carried on, getting a bit drunk. I told that joke. Carried on, getting a bit drunk. I was telling jokes. I eventually sat down for the meal about quarter to ten. They put two tables together. And the host sat at either end. And they put me in the middle opposite this very sweet, but very deaf sort of 80 year old man. So conversation was a bit stilltied. And after about 20 minutes, Ian, one of the host, pipe sound, said, oh, Ricky, tell that joke. All the people went, oh, we love jokes. Do you? LAUGHTER I looked at Ian and he went, be fine. OK. And he got on with his conversation. And so they're all like that. I went, um... Oh, father sitting at her own ring of faith. Little girl comes running. Told the whole joke. Got to the bit. Well, make something up. They went, oh, silence. I looked at Ian and he went, not that one. Thank you so much. You've been fantastic. Good night. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. Please. Thank you. Fantastic. Thank you so much. I fucking love Chicago, isn't it brilliant? Isn't it amazing? I've had just the best time. Thank you, thank you so much. I'd risk coming again through volcanic ash clouds. Anything to get, it's phanta. Terrorist attack. I've actually always been a nervous flyer, to be honest. And I flew a few weeks after 9-11. And after 9-11, the world went a little bit crazy. Understandably, the rules changed. There was a lot of anger and fear and confusion and finger pointing. And I'd always consider myself quite a rational, liberal sort of guy. And I tried to remain that way after 9-11. And even in the pub with mates, I'd be the one who was going, no, you can't say that. No, that's a generalisation. That's ridiculous. No, that's unfair. You can't tire over with the same brush. No, it's still the safest form of transport. It's 16 million to one, the chance of a, you know, trying to be rational. That's in a pub. When I'm flying, it's more like, check him again. Can we check him again? He's getting on this, do you mind if I check him? Can I just... And after 9-11, with all the checks, I'd still try to remain sort of rational for the softwares thinking, right, it's harder now than it ever was to get a bomb on the plane. This is, you know, it's the restrictions are tight, it's safer now. And then I found out that a terrorist doesn't even have to get on the plane now with a bomb. They found heat-seeking missiles and they could just park up in some sort of lay-by and take the plane out in the first 10 minutes of take-off. So now I'd be on the plane going, right, we're out of range, who's got the bomb, right? And as I saw, I flew a couple of weeks after 9-11, internal flight and we're up in the air, I don't think we're out of range, right, okay, I'm still a bit nervous. And I said to the air hostess, I said, if you've got any magazines, think of this. She said, quite loud, quite blase, she said, no honey, we've got no magazines, we've had to undertake severe cutbacks because we're one of the companies being sued over 9-11. One, don't mention 9-11. Surely a new rule but went round. Don't mention 9-11 when you're handing out the coffee, just, you know what I mean, right? Two, don't say severe cutbacks. Severe cutbacks. If someone says that, I don't think of magazines anymore. I think of a bloke in an aircraft hangar. Earlier that week going, do we really need all these rivets? It's just, what, terrible midside manner. I mean, I take first class flights everywhere. I know you wouldn't have it any other way. I do it for you, really. Some of the flights I take cost 10,000 pounds, okay? And for 10,000 pounds in a disaster, I expect the front end of my plane that I'm into gently break off and float down to a desert island. It doesn't. I die with the rest of you fucking losers. That's not fair, isn't it? I know you tried to save me but you couldn't. We're just beyond the news. I probably only want to get name checked on the news. You'd be tuned in 30 others but I was just some consolation. But anyway, so, okay. Once I was flying back from New York, okay, 925, a Saturday night, JFK, to London Heathrow, BA, first class. Okay. Now, this is my point. It's fear that threatens rational thought, I think. Okay. I'm there. Now, the whole week leading up to that fly, I don't know if you remember it or it's happened more than once. I don't know. It was a couple of years ago. On every news channel in America, there was a rolling ticker tape that said America on Red Alert. We've had in town, there's going to be another 9-11 in a major city, probably New York or LA, okay, this weekend. Do not fly unless you absolutely had to. I had to. I was filming. I'm the only one in the first class lounge. I still try to remain rational. I was thinking, no, it's safer now. Everyone's looking for a terrorist today. They leave it till Monday. Then it happened. The thing that threatened my rational thought. I had a little bit of a mini breakdown. Into the first class lounge, about 30 minutes before boarding, came this guy. I don't know if there was North African or Middle East or Asian, but yeah, all the gear. Beard. Steer the Tasha case. Okay. And here's your middle class sort of liberal. I went. I was suddenly engaging staff in sort of banal conversation. I fly on time. They're going, yeah, what's the weather like in London? Like they were going to go, it's a bit cloudy, but there is, right? Didn't happen. So I'm left there, right? And I'm looking over it in. And I'm thinking of all the running up to it and the weak, the news, nothing. But now there's a fight between good and evil, between rational and irrational. Okay. This one goes, oh, that's a suicide bomber. Oh, very stupid. Of course it isn't. It is. How do you know? That's what they look like. What? Beard. Don't be stupid, right? Then he makes a phone call and I couldn't understand what he was saying, but he sounds a bit angry. Okay. This one goes, oh, we made a phone call. All right. This one, no, you just made a phone call. Yeah, but not in foreign. A shot up, right? He's been checked, without the rest was been checked. Did they check the beard? Yeah, they checked the beard. Yeah, they checked the beard. And then I'm looking at him. It must have been absent minded with all this going on in my head. And he catches me looking and he does this. He goes, oh, he knows, he knows. Right? This one goes, no, he knows why you're looking at him. He said that sort of prejudice for months now. Stop looking at him. You're not a beard. Yeah, right? But this one starts winning. The fear starts beating all the rational thought in the world. He says, going, no, it could be what you could be. Probably not. Well, no. The stats are up today. Yeah, but still it won't happen. Don't say it won't happen to us. People have 9-11 until it wouldn't happen to them. Yeah, but all the tests. Yeah, where they find new ways of getting through our detection. Then we have to open a game. Yeah, you're right. And suddenly I thought, I'm a god. This is it. This is it. And that wave of nausea. And you suddenly realize, oh, my god, I'm witnessing this. This one goes, okay, right? Let's report him. This one goes, no, why? In case someone thinks we're racist. No, fuck that. Let's report him and be a wrong, embarrassed, live racist, just in case. I don't know. So I don't. And so now I think he is a suicide bomber. And I think I'm going to get on the plane and die, but I'm not going to do anything about it. And I'm nearly in tears. And all this happens in a few moments. And I look over, and he's joined by his wife who's got all the gear. And it's two little girls, okay. And I suddenly go, of course, he's not a fucking suicide bomber. If you're off to see 72 virgins, you don't take the wife and kids along. So no, true. And I got on the plane and of course, he wasn't a terrorist. Now, I was sort of a bit embarrassed and I saw the funny side of it. And that was relieved, you know, and then he was a businessman and a family man. He was playing with his two little girls who kept running up and down and banging into my chair. He wasn't doing anything about that at all, okay. No, he wasn't doing anything about that at all, okay. And he was sort of chasing him and I was squealing really, really going through it. After half an hour, I was hoping someone would blow the fucking plane up. But a really weird thing happened during that period. I got so paranoid about terrorist attack that I started taking private jets and helicopters everywhere just because I was so rich. No, no. No, again, my philosophy was, I'm the only person on this plane and I definitely haven't got a bomb. So we're all right, you know. And I was taking a helicopter one day and I was waiting on the helipad, okay. Rewind two days before that. I'm at home, I have a material, materials, and there's a carton of milk there with the missing person things on the back. And I've seen a thousand of them, okay. This one was slightly different because it was a missing child, which is always sadder. Well, no, it's sad when anyone goes missing, but presumably because of her age, this was an abduction and, you know, and it was also the language. It was a plea from the mother and it was the wording. She just said the name of the little girl, which I won't say, I remember it, and the day and place where she was last seen. And she just said, five years old, blonde hair, blue eyes, always happy, please help me. And it must have stayed with me. Two days later, I'm there. It's like a wolf development waiting for this helicopter. And I'm looking down on to sort of some disused sort of warehouse space. And I'm looking one, right. And someone had put up a brown blanket with this duct tape, okay, as like a curtain. And it had fallen away. And I can see in, this is true story, it's an empty room, apart from a mattress. And on the mattress is a little girl with her hands tied. And my fucking heart, five years old, five years old, blonde hair, blonde hair, blue eyes, blue eyes, always happy. Crying in the eyes out. What? It couldn't have been there, I left it. Thanks very much, you've been amazing. Good night Chicago. Cheers. Thank you. Cheers. Oh, thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you. Cheers. Thank you. Cheers, everyone. Good night, everyone. Thank you.
Perhaps shitty, or mental? Thank you, thank you guys. Wow. New York City everybody, here we are. City of Dreams. That's how they bill it, right? City where dreams come true. Have you looked around? Does it look like people's dreams are coming true out there? Oh look, a Mexican man delivering Chinese food on a bicycle. Just like he always dreamed back home. A family digging through the garbage for bottles and cans because they're just that passionate about the environment. Do what you love and the money will come. A nickel at a time. People working two and three part time jobs into their 30s and 40s having two and three roommates. A lot of people seem to have that dream in New York. And it is coming true. Living in New York is like one extended game of how well are you hiding your poverty? And depression. Some days you'll hide the poverty better, other days the depression. But when you get that balance just right, people say look, that guy's dreams are coming true. Let's get a selfie with him. Everybody's hustling in New York, overworked, underpaid. And you just get hired for jobs you didn't even apply for. I drive a 2007 Toyota Prius, charcoal gray, nondescript. But now that Uber and Lyft exist, people just get into my car routinely. Just recently this young woman gets in my car and announces we're going to Brooklyn. Just waving her girlfriends over. I'm like, whoa, we're not going to Brooklyn. She's like, excuse me. I'm like, I'm not a cab driver. She's like, what? I'm like, this is not a cab. I'm a person who has a car and drives himself places he needs to go. And then she was horrified when she realized that she ran out, traumatized into the embrace of her friends as if I had done something wrong. I was like, you broke into my car. And she was so sure of herself that I was like, maybe I do work for Uber. Like, is this how they hire you? Someone just gets in and is like, where in Brooklyn? Where do you just want to get a good review? I hit a cop car with my car. I don't recommend doing that. I was driving home with my fiance. We were just a few blocks from home. We were passing by this cafe that I go to from time to time. I noticed it peripherally that they were open later than usual. So I turned my head like, oh, they're open later than usual. When I turned back, the words police were getting closer and closer. I rammed into the cop car's bumper. And my fiance to her credit didn't say anything, but I could just feel everything she was thinking. I was like, you're right. You're absolutely right about all of it. The cop car, we're at a light. The cop car turns off to a side street. So then I turned to my fiance like, should we just get the hell out of here? Like, no, we can't do that. So then I turn and follow the cop and pull up behind him. Now, the sudden, it's like, I'm pulling him over. Maybe I work for the NYPD now. So then we're just sitting and waiting. Cop finally gets out, ambles over. First thing he says is, bad idea hitting a fucking cop car. I was like, yeah, actually, it wasn't my idea. Just happened. Then he was kind of like pacing around. Like, remember when you were kid and your parents were almost like searching for the punishment? They were beside themselves. So I'm waiting, finally he's like, fuck it. I don't want to deal with this. I was like, that was my solution. Then he goes, you were never here. Which I thought was almost existential. Like, are any of us ever really truly here? Then he turns and walks back to his car. As he's about to get in, he turns back and says, oh, are you OK? I was like, yeah, we're fine. Are you OK? He's like, yeah, gets into his car, drives away. I turn to my fiance and say, I don't know what these black folks are complaining about. That could not have been a more pleasant exchange. I felt safe. I felt protected. I felt like my life mattered. I felt like my life mattered. I felt like my life mattered. I felt like my life mattered. I felt like my life mattered. It was like we were thrust into a commercial for White Privilege. If you're not sure whether or not your life matters, I suggest that you hit a cop car. Just see how the rest of the exchange goes. It'll be a little different for everyone. Results made vary. Some assembly required. My fiance and I took a jar of coins to the bank. I don't know if you've ever had to do that as an adult, but it's somewhat humiliating. You don't even get to talk to a real person. They have this animated character named Penny Arcade. She's like, would you like to take a guess at how much money you have? First of all, this is a serious financial transaction. Can I see a manager or somebody with a tie on? Secondly, yes, we would like to take a guess. Actually, that sounds like a lot of fun. We weren't prepared for that if we could just huddle up for a moment. That's within the rules. $50. That was our guess. We were way off. $123.17. Oh, we jumped as if we had won the lottery. Everyone in the bank was looking over. We were like, coins, you can turn them into real money. Get in on it. Diversify your portfolio. Ask for Penny. Tell her we sent you. Never been that happy in a bank before. So my fiance and I are getting married in October. Thank you. Thank you. We're going to have a heterosexual wedding we decided. Got to discuss everything these days. You can't take anything for granted. I said, I identify as the groom. She's like, I feel like the bride. I was like, all right, that's one thing down. Let's talk appetizers. We had a bit of a love story. We dated 10 years ago, and I fell in love with her. As soon as I saw her, I just instantly fell in love, felt that connection. But then she broke up with me. She didn't feel it the same way. She was young. She moved to Italy for school and work. And I was broken. I was devastated. I was pathetic. I've never been pathetic. Like really just an embarrassment. Like you can see in your friend's face, they don't even want to be around you. It's like, oh, he's going to tell us the story again. It was very raw. You feel alive, but for all the wrong reasons. Started making bad decisions. Started visiting her mom. Basically started dating her mom. I just needed to be close to someone who was close to her. But then finally, I got my shit together, moved on, broke up with her mom. Well, life was good again. I felt whole. I felt good. Years went by, dated other people. Then a couple years ago, I got a text message out of the blue. How are you? And you know how you recognize the old area code? It's like, oh, 908. Look who's back. Right on time. How are you? I was like, today or the last eight years. The answer to both is fine. Send. Because you got to be a man about it, right? Can't give it up too soon. You got to play it close to the vest. But inside it was like, dear diary. You'll never guess who's back. I'll give you three little hints. 908. Give up, diary. It's her. I was excited. It's very excited. We went out for coffee. Then we went out to dinner. And then she moved in. Decided to take a slow this time. And it's funny because you know how you have different friends who react differently. You have the friends who are unconditionally supportive, hopeless, romantics. My friend, Danny, was like, Teddy, if there's any love in this world, run towards it as fast as you can. I was like, thanks, Danny. I'm going to do that. Then I said, but don't you still live with your wife even though you got divorced five years ago? He's like, we're talking about you right now. This isn't about me. That's fair. That's fair, Danny. Then you have other friends who are more protective of you. They hold a grudge for you. My friend was like, don't let her back. Don't let her break your heart again. I was like, I don't even know if I have a heart. I'm 48 years old. I just want to feel again. Who cares? Break my heart. So it did feel good to reconnect with the one who I always thought was the one. Because she's different. She's an artist. I'm a comedian. So we've committed to a life of struggle. But she just fascinates me. I like the way she sees the world. She's different. She was raised by lesbians. I don't mean she was abducted and taken into the wild. She was raised. Her mother was with a woman, and they raised her and her siblings. And every now and then, it just hits me. Just little moments. I can't even explain it. I'm just like, ah, that's right. Raised by lesbians. They don't care for men. LAUGHTER I am a heterosexual man. I've always been attracted to females. But there are certain guys who make me nervous. You know what I mean? Like every now and then, I'm just like, oh, hello. I never know when it's going to happen. Like, there's this guy that works in the bagel shop in our neighborhood. I can't even make the right... Like, he has the most mysterious blue eyes. I can't even look him directly in the face. Like, as the line moves up, it's like, I hope I get him, but I also don't hope I get him. Like, my heart is beating faster. My mouth is dry. Finally, I get up to the front. I'm just like, cream cheese, you decide. LAUGHTER I don't know what it is. I'm not sexually attracted to him, but I just want him to like me. LAUGHTER That's really... So we reconnected again. It was beautiful. There was an age difference. And there still is. That's how math works. LAUGHTER But it feels like less now, because time has gone by. We're both older. Like, if I took her to my high school prom, I would have been pushing her in a stroller. Like, no, no, trust me guys. I have a good feeling this is going to work out. LAUGHTER Hey now, hey now, I'm going to dream it over. I've got a house. I've got a house. The house. It helps her sleep. They call her home. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. LAUGHTER Oh. She is in her very early 30s. And I am in my late 40s. They say a woman's sexual prime is her 30s, so she is in her sexual prime. And I am not. LAUGHTER I'm past my prime. Like, do you remember when Shaq played for the Celtics? LAUGHTER That's me. He didn't look like himself anymore, yet a hard time getting up and down the court. Some nights he was really an embarrassment. And I bet there were nights where Shaq's teammates got very angry at Shaq and said, like, Shaq, do you even want to play with us? Do you have any passion for the game anymore? Do you care? And I'm sure Shaq was like, no, guys, it's not bad at all. I love you. It's just that I'm a little older now. It takes me a little longer to warm up. Maybe if you could just fucking be a little patient. Shaq probably said to them. LAUGHTER And I just think it was very unfair of Shaq's teammates to treat him like that. He was a legend. He had done a lot in the game. He deserved better. LAUGHTER And if you look back, Shaq had some really good games for the Celtics. Not every game. Not every game. But on some nights he looked like the Shaq of old, and I just wish his teammates could have appreciated that instead of harping on the nights that he had difficulty performing. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I feel for Shaq is what I'm trying to say. LAUGHTER The older you get, and the longer you've been with somebody, the sex isn't as important as sexual threats. LAUGHTER You know what I mean? You just got to throw it out there like, oh, someone's going to get it tonight. Nobody's going to get it. You're just going to watch Netflix and go to bed. But it's just nice as a gesture to put it out there in the air. It's a nice thing to do. LAUGHTER Oh, you better watch it. You're going to get punished. Like, what? Go to bed? Like, what's the punishment? We know what's going to happen. LAUGHTER I proposed on a Wednesday, on a random Wednesday. Just because I felt like anyone can do it on a weekend when it's supposed to be fun. You know, but I felt like Wednesday would really set her up for what our whole marriage is going to feel like. It's going to be a real Wednesday energy to the whole thing. And as soon as she knows that, the better. LAUGHTER So it was very, it was just, you know, it was an exciting time being back together after all those years. At times, it felt a bit like a corporate merger where certain departments are no longer needed. And they were mostly the departments I was in charge of. My job is to see to it that all devices remain charged. I take it very seriously. I'm always on the prowl. I'm like, honey, give me that. You're at 11 percent. Thank God I was here. Crisis averted. That's what it means to be a man in 2017. Just like, I think we have an outlet over here. Let me... Keep the family safe. LAUGHTER 70 percent above, that's my rule. Because she'll let it get down to like the single digits. I'm like, we're not animals. I have that once all over this place. How do you live like that? She handles all food related decisions. She just took that over unilaterally. That's her department. I never know what's next. I just have to stay on my toes. I'm discovering that women all have this side thing as a nutritionist. It's not licensed, not certified, but they're always talking to each other, looking at articles, spreading the latest stuff. It's like this underground railroad of nutrition that men aren't privy to. And it's always changing. Coconut oil was a big part of our lives for a while. I don't know if you're familiar with the wonders of coconut oil. But if not, prepare to be wowed. There was nothing you couldn't do with coconut oil. You can spread it on things. You can cook with it. You can rub it on your body and moisturize. You can put it in your hair if you have hair. You can whiten your teeth. We were so happy. The three of us together. Then one morning, I don't know what happened. She must have read an article. We were done with coconut oil. I don't know why, but her reasons are my reasons. She's angry. So I'm angry. We're done with it forever. We're on to miso. I don't know how long it's going to last. I can't question, but I don't want to get too attached to me. Smoothies are another big part of our lives. I didn't see that coming. Smoothies. Because when you're single, a smoothie is just like a fun word that you remember from time to time. I go, yeah, maybe I'll have one of those eventually. But when you're part of a couple, a smoothie is so much more. Oh, it's like a relationship lubricant. You always have something to talk about. The next smoothie. What are we going to have? What do we have? Do we have baby spinach? Do we have berries? Are they in season? Do we have avocado? Is it in that five minute window when it's still good? Do we have the milk of some sort of nut? The nuts are all battling it out to see you could be milkiest. We always have fruits and vegetables in the house now. I didn't realize it, but when you're in a couple, you eat the fruits and vegetables that you buy. That was a revelation for me. Because when you're single, if you buy a fruit or a vegetable, it's like a wish that will very likely not come true. We always do different food-related things. She said you want to do a food challenge? I'm like, who could eat more wings? She's like, no, no. We're eliminating gluten, dairy, oils, and fun. I'm like, no, you win that challenge. I'm out. We did a cleanse of 30-day cleanse. I was starving for 30 days. I was so hungry. It was such an unfamiliar feeling to be that hungry. Because you see those commercials where there are millions of Americans go to bed hungry every single night. I was like, yeah, I know. I'm one of them. And in a way, it's even more impressive because I have access to food. I can't end world hunger, but I can end my hunger. I would get these cryptic texts from her when I'm on the road. All of a sudden, my phone is like, bananas aren't clean. I'll tell the others. Like, what is this? It's a drug deal? Like, I just want to eat my breakfast. Banana's over clean. Banana's over clean. I'm on the fucker. Banana, I tell the others. Banana's on the clean. Fuck you. Oh, really, baby? They aren't clean. We watched a lot of documentaries. I've never met anybody who's seen more documentaries than my fiancee. I literally think that the eight years we were apart, she just watched documentaries the entire time. Because any time one comes up, I'm like, oh, let's watch that. She's like, I already saw it. I'm like, it just came out. She's like, I was there when they shot it. We watched this documentary called Banana Land. If you like bananas, I do not recommend watching Banana Land. Like every documentary, it will fucking ruin what you love forever. I won't tell you the whole thing, but I'll, if I could distill it down to a single line. Towards the end of Banana Land, this woman, this Central American Banana Farmer, looks right into the camera and says, just remember, the next time you eat a banana, you're eating pure violence. Great, you know, I know we shouldn't watch this. Pure violence. We happen to like our smoothies with pure violence. When my fiance first moved in, we were fighting a lot. And it was difficult because she's good at it. And I am getting better. And by that, I mean, I'm learning to say I'm sorry. I make it a habit. I say it regularly. I say, babe, I love you. Please forgive me. I'm sorry. And then she says, we can't just say I'm sorry. It's not just about saying the words. I'm sorry. You have to understand what you did. You can't just say I'm sorry and it's over. And I say, you're right. I'm sorry. Please forgive me. I apologize. And then she says, well, it's not like this is the first time I've said this to you. I've said it many times before. You just keep doing the same thing over and over again. What are you going to get it through your head? And then I say, what the fuck? I'm not Hitler. I'm just a human being. Maybe you can cut me some slack. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Actually, I say, I'm sorry. Please forgive me. I apologize. Because I love her. I love her very much. But I disappoint her a lot. I've never been this disappointing to another human being. terrain. But I'm realizing that that's what love is. Disappointment. When you find someone who you disappoint regularly, hold on to that person because you have found true love. To be fair, sometimes after a fight, she'll come up to me kind of sheepishly and say, babe, I'm sorry. I think I'm getting my period. And I say, no, no, we're getting our period. Because it is a shared suffering. She suffers physically. And I do not. And I get it. I think you know, women have it harder in this world. I think men walk around with a degree of privilege every single day that they'll never fully comprehend. Or so I'm told. No, I believe that's true. I think men have it easier. I think women put up with so much shit for men. They're entire lives from the time they're little girls, whether it's family, teachers, classmates, coaches, bosses, colleagues, random assholes on the street. That by the time they settle on you, it's like they finally got through to customer service. And you are going to get an earful because they are not happy with the product. Oh, yeah. They have got some complaints that they've been sitting on for a very long time. And you just picked up. You're going to be tempted to say things like, oh, no, I'm sorry. That's not my department. Let me transfer you. But guess what? It's all your department now. You're the only one in the department. So just get used to saying things like, I'm sorry. Please forgive me. I apologize. And you have a shot of keeping your job. 48 years old. I find myself waking up injured now. That's a new thing. Go to sleep perfectly fine. Wake up with like a strained calf. I don't remember running in the night. I thought I was just laying flat for eight hours. Apparently, I have to stretch before I sleep. I feel like I'm always masking at least two injuries. I'm going to soon as one heals two more appears. It's just like they're never fully healed. And I know I look alright, but I'm like a lemon. You know when they describe a car as a lemon looks nice, but then under the hood, they're like, oh, looks like it was in a flood down south. I was in Hawaii. I had a gig in Maui. Beautiful. Amazing. I don't know if you've ever been. It's just the most majestic place I was standing on the shore looking out at the most blue beautiful ocean and equally majestic blue sky. Just contemplating life. A wave washed ashore. Hit my knee. It buckled and it's still not the same. I don't think it'll ever be the same. That's where I'm at. Water is a threat. I went to see a doctor. He was like, were you playing basketball? I was like, no, I was standing still. I was relaxing. I've been peeing sitting down. Decided to start that phase of my life. I wish I knew about it sooner. I didn't realize it was an option. The old guys make you figure it out for yourself. It's like this zen thing. You have to just learn it. Oh, it's just gorgeous. And I don't use that word, but it's just such a game-changing, gorgeous thing. I just, you know, just sit there. I'm not even talking about like, be productive, take your phone out, get things done. I'm just talking about sitting down, just seeing what happens. Let the young guys stand. They've got hopes and dreams, making plans, got a stream. You can depend on. Not me. I got a spotty flow. I'm like an old rapper. There's a lot of, oh, what? What? Make some noise. A big basketball fan. And I realized that it's kind of common knowledge that the first black baseball player was Jackie Robinson, 1947, Brooklyn Dodgers. But I realized I don't know who the first black NBA player was. I think it was just the entire NBA. Like one day it was all white, the very next day it was all black. You don't have to show up anymore. We just realized you suck a basketball. We've made a horrible mistake. You could be a ref. You could coach the team. You could only team. You could literally do any other job. You just can't play anymore. And some of those white guys are still in the Hall of Fame who didn't play against black guys. The Hall of Fame, you know what? Get the fuck out of the Hall of Fame. How dare you? You could work in the Hall of Fame. You could give tours. You could sweep up. You're just not allowed to be in the Hall of Fame. Racism was really like the first steroids. Like a performance enhancing drug. Like your performance is definitely enhanced if you're just playing basketball against other white guys. There's a league now of all white guys. There still is a league. It's called Division 3 College Basketball and it's awful. It's unwatchable. But if this was 1940, they would be in the Hall of Fame. I was thinking about how we're all replaceable. I think we're all replaceable and I take great solace in that. Some people resist that because they attribute it like to work or achievement. You know, they're like, no, no, my job. I'm the only one. You're not the only one. But I'm working on this project. Nobody gives a shit about your project. It's stupid. Don't show up to work for a few days and someone else will take over your stupid project. We're all replaceable. And I take comfort in that. Steve Jobs, Apple, Genius, right? The year that he died, I read that the very next year, Apple had its best year ever. There you go. If Steve Jobs is replaceable, we're all replaceable. Steve Carr, coach of the Golden State Warriors, a few years ago, he led them to the championship. The very next year, he had back surgery. He was out. His assistant took over. They went 24 and 0 and went on to the best record in NBA history. The next year, he heard us back again, a different assistant stepped in. They went all the way to the finals, undefeated, and finally lost when he came back. Steve Carr, great coach. Very replaceable. And Viv on the fresh prints. She thought she was irreplaceable. Guess what, Aunt Viv, season three, you're out. We're all just Aunt Viv and our way through life. So guys, as of the beginning of my set, Donald Trump is still our 45th and final president. Not looking good, everyone. It's like mainlining anxiety with this guy, right? You have to think about him every single day. Like from the moment you wake up, you know he's coming for you. Right? Every day. I don't even think about my family every day. I gotta think about this guy. Just gotta know you think about him. Like, well, what do you got? What do you got? What do you got, Donald? What do you got? What do you got? What do you got? What do you got? Huh? North Korea? What is it? I just tweeted right into my fucking bloodstream. Oh, it's so exhausting, right? It's starting to feel like we're the senior class of Earth. Right? Like if there is an afterlife, and there isn't. We're gonna walk in like, we ended it. What did you guys do? Hey, Thomas Edison, light bulb. No more light. Rosa Parks, stay seated. Oh, God, oh, that's so, it's so anxiety-inducing, right? It's like it's like post-traumatic stress without the post. Present-traumatic stress. It's so exhausting, especially in this age of yoga and meditation, mindfulness being present in the now. Trump is like the opposite of all that. Like if you take yoga, Trump is what you've been preparing for the whole time. The teacher's like, everyone, this is not a test. This is it. This is the real thing. Just breathe, root yourself in your practice, and be present in the now while we still have now. This is called downward spiraling society. Can I just stage-dive? It feels appropriate. Donald Trump's campaign slogan was make America great again, but it might as well have been fuck yoga. Do you remember the night of the election as the return started coming in? You start to have that conspiracy brain going, right? You know, Trump was ahead early, and I was like, I see what they're doing. They're going to let him get ahead early, keep us watching, then at the end of the night, Hillary will be present. Then later in the night, they're like, Trump's still ahead. It's still too close to call. We'll tell you in the morning. I was like, I see what they're doing. They're going to let us go to sleep. I think he's going to be present in the morning. Hillary will be present. Then the morning they're like, Trump's president. I was like, I see what they're doing. They're going to swear him in, let him govern for four years, and then Hillary will be present. Part of me felt bad for Hillary. Just in the sense that she's always like the sure thing, can't lose, always loses. It's almost like they're playing this game of, what would it take to get you to vote for Hillary Clinton? Hear me out. What if she ran against a black guy with the middle name Hussein? No? Wow. This is going to be a lot harder than I thought. Okay. Okay. All right. How about this? An orange reality television star, no experience, racist, and sexist. Still no. Holy shit. You really don't seem to like her. Everyone threatened to move to Canada on both sides, right? Didn't matter who you were voting. I'm moving to Canada. It's like, we get it. If your candidate loses, you're moving to the widest English-speaking country you can drive to. What about Mexico? Oh, no, no, no. Well, I'm not that progressive. I remember when Barack Obama got elected, a lot of people said, I wish my grandparents had lived to see this, the first black president in American history. And I know how they feel now. I wish my grandparents had lived to see Trump get elected. Because they were racist and this would have been very, very special for them on a pound of how racist they were. They weren't just racist. They had other interests. Like my grandmother was an excellent baker, but she was a racist baker and you could always taste it. There was always something off in every recipe. Like, no, no, what is that spice? Ah, racism, of course. I should have guessed. Now, I'm not saying that everyone who voted for Trump is racist. I'm saying my grandparents were. And if you voted for Trump, you probably would have liked them. To be fair to my grandparents, they weren't racist at the time. They were just white. But a lot of times white is just like racist that hasn't been diagnosed yet. It's like you get the test results back years later. Like, oh, we got your results. You were very racist the whole entire time. You should have been tested more regularly. You're in a very high risk group. I voted for Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary. I just think that Bernie is the face of America right now. Bernie Sanders is 74 years old and he's still looking for a job. What could be more American than that? But it was like a reality show, right? The whole election cycle. It was kind of hard to look away. It was like governing with the stars. Like a reality show. I like the early episodes though, right? Bernie and Hillary. They almost felt like your grandparents put from opposite sides of the family. Bernie was like the fun grandpa who makes sure that everybody's sharing. And Hillary's like, fuck, Grandma Hillary's coming this weekend. This is gonna suck. Smile for Grandma Hillary. Trump's like your mentally ill uncle who just shows up on an ounce. You never know what he's gonna say or do. Like, no, no, just let him talk. This is gonna be interesting. Just keep him away from the grill. And the gardeners. So I don't know. I don't know. Is voting the answer? I doubt it. People get mad if you don't vote. They'll yell at you. How dare how dare you? How? How dare you? People died so you can vote. Yeah, and people are gonna die because you vote. Enjoy your sticker. Right? It's just it's so disheartening that's never discussed. It's never discussed. Continuous murder. We're always just electing the next murderer in chief. Sometimes we feel good about it, right? Sometimes we feel progressive. We had a black murder in chief. Oh, that's so progressive. And we almost had a woman murdering around the globe. Ah, right? Breaking the glass ceiling and then the shards of glass falling murder in people. Oh, my God. Then the ex-presidents, once they're out of office, right? They do a 180. They re-brand. Obama is going wind surfing with billionaires. George W. Bush is a painter all of a sudden. Ah, right? How the fuck did that? George W. Bush. He's like Mr. McGoo with a paintbrush all of a sudden. Taking selfies with Michelle Obama and Ellen. He's so likable and fun. He did a reverse Hitler. Hitler was a painter and then he murdered a lot of people. They said never forget George, we didn't forget. It all goes by so quickly though, right? Sometimes you forget. It all just goes by so quickly that you forget. Do you remember when Jeb Bush was the presumptive nominee? Do you remember that? It was supposed to be Jeb Bush against Hillary Clinton, right? Just like God ordained, the two royal families battling it out. Jeb Bush just disappeared. But he resurfaced recently. Did you hear what happened? He bought the Miami-Marlins baseball team. That was his plan B. Maybe I'll be president? Maybe I'll buy a baseball team. Nothing takes the edge off losing, like owning some human beings, huh? Historically speaking, that really takes the edge off. And he wasn't even the first person in his family to do that. George, the people who owned the Texas Rangers, I think in the 90s, the fourth place Texas Rangers. Couldn't even figure out the American League. We put him in charge of America. Donald Trump, in the 80s, he owned the New Jersey Generals of the now-defunct USFL. Doesn't exist anymore. For whatever that's worth. And recently, Trump got into trouble for claiming to know more about ISIS than the generals. And it finally occurred to me, like, oh, he probably meant the New Jersey Generals. That makes a little more sense. Still probably wrong, but at least it does make some sense. Done. Done. I call him done, Trump every now and then. He takes the edge off. Just hits the ear different, right? Donald Trump. Don Trump. Almost sounds like a personal injury lawyer. Don Trump, have you been injured or an accident? Dial DLNTR, UM. I leave the SP all over me. Martin Luther King Jr., if he was just Marty King. I don't know. Would you be on board with his dream? Marty King probably just wants to play Vegas. Marty King limited time only. That Caesar's palace. Mother Teresa, she was just mom and Terry. Hey, mom and Terry, when you're here, you're famished. Why is Mother Teresa having Italian restaurants? She was a bad business woman. Wonderful woman, horrible business. Jesus was a bad businessman too. Right? Just gave everything away for free. That's why there's no Jesus school of economics. People will say Jesus is my personal Lord and Savior. Do you describe to his economic policy? I was raised Catholic and now I'm not. That's usually the end of that sentence. Rarely you hear I was raised Catholic and now I'm fucking really Catholic. I think it's a good starter kid Catholicism. It's good for kids. You have good characters. Jesus and Santa Claus. Right? When you're a kid, those are the two characters. Both great guys giving things away for free. Both socialist basically. That's what you're indoctrinated with. Santa going around the world just giving people toys. Jesus turning one thing into an old man. That's what you're doing. You're doing a lot of things. You're doing a lot of things. You're doing a lot of things. Jesus turning one thing into another thing, giving it away for free. Water into wine at the wedding when they ran out. It's not like oh and then Jesus made a fucking killing because it's a wedding and they need wine. Right place, right time. Market supply and demand. Fucking Jesus. If Jesus came back now, the bar would be so much lower. He wouldn't have to turn water into wine. He could just turn water into clean drinking water. Show up in Flint, Michigan, the people who be like, Jesus, it's a miracle we can drink this. Yeah, please go ahead drink it. I just put a grid of filter on it. It's just not even a miracle really. What's it about, though? Ray, what's it about? You can't just walk around feeling dispirited. I think it's about the movements. The movements that have been coalescing. Even before Trump got into office, occupy Wall Street, Black Lives Matter. Some people say, whoa, what about all lives? Don't all lives matter? Yeah, they do. But this is called Black Lives Matter. They already decided on a name. And if your first contribution to the movement is suggesting a name change, maybe you're not as in it as you think you are. Show up to a couple more meetings and stand in the back quietly. The movements, right? Fight for 15. The Muslim ban, people showed up, flooded the airports, all over the country. People showed up for these people who were being banned. A lot of people are refugees leaving violent oppression, fleeing, running for their lives. Have you ever moved? That sucks. You have to waste a whole weekend. You got to get boxes, a van, bother your friends. My last move was from the second floor to the fourth floor of the same building. And it was an ordeal I hope I never have to go through ever again. I'm still scarred. There wasn't a war on the second floor. I just had a better view on the fourth. The movements to code a pipeline, the Pepsi movement. If you didn't hear about the Pepsi movement, let me fill you in. Pepsi did this commercial that caused a bit of a star because they kind of co-opted all of these movements that have been going on and they spit it out as commercialism. In this commercial, Kendall Jenner, who was a person I just found out about, she's of the house in Liniage of Jenner. She's on a photo shoot, a very glamorous photo shoot. There's a wind machine, I think. And as she's on this photo shoot, a protest march goes by. And people are holding signs with such nuanced messages as peace and love. You know those peace and love marches we've been seeing so much of? Catches Kendall Jenner's eye, but that's not what gets her in. A little later on, there's this cute boy who kind of flirts with her and beckons her into the movement. And that's when Kendall Jenner realizes, hey, I think I'm down with the peace and love movement. She rips off her blonde wig, of course. Wipes off her lipstick, you know, gets protest ready. And not only does she join the movement, she goes right to the front lines. And what does she do? She gives a police officer an ice cold Pepsi. Everyone cheers and world peace is declared. Thanks to Kendall Jenner and Pepsi. How could you possibly be offended by that? On the bright side, at least we finally found our first paid protestor. But I don't blame Kendall Jenner. Come on, she's a 13 year old girl who doesn't know whether her father's or mother's or father. She's got a lot to sort through. I blame the comedians and actors who do commercials for the big banks. Just years after the banks crashed the economy and then they're doing fun commercials like, hey, what's in your wallet? Not as much as, how are what's in yours? Have you been paying attention at all for what's going on? You really think that's a good idea? But it's just, you know, that's the culture now. Everyone's for sale, right? How did we get here? Journalists like to ask that right. Coming up next, how did we get a president Trump? Well, I don't know. Have you ever been watching a television show or a movie where a journalist appears as themselves, Wolf Blitzer suddenly on House of Cars playing Wolf Blitzer? I don't know. Wolf, how did we get here? Rachel Maddo playing Rachel Maddo. All of them. Brian Williams, Anderson Cooper. How did we get here? I don't know. Maybe because when you're interviewing Frank Underwood one minute and Donald Trump the next, we don't believe you anymore. You're not a journalist, you're an actor. Maybe that's the problem, wolf. Maybe that's how we got here. Maybe because your role on House of Cars means more to you than your role as the fourth estate in our democracy. Maybe that's how we got here. And by the way, I'm not criticizing their acting. Wolf Blitzer gave a very fine performance as Wolf Blitzer. Very, very convincing. It was nuanced. I believed entirely that he was a fake journalist with no integrity. Wonderful hair. Wonderful hair. But they're all cut from the same cloth, right? That's the culture now. Fame whores, just looking for money, looking for a higher profile. There's no difference between Kendall Jenner and Donald Trump. In the 90s, Donald Trump did Pizza Hut commercials. Pizza Hut. Do you know who owned Pizza Hut? Pepsi. We are about 20 years and a sex change operation away from President Ken Jenner. And I plan on voting for him because he's got a long track record with the peace and love movement. So it's the movements, everybody. It's the movements. We, the senior class of earth, are tasked. With doing what we can, you have to join the movement, see what's going on. Plug in, right? All the marches, the women's march, the climate march, the science march, the scientists are marching. That's how bad it's gotten. They don't even like going outdoors. They have shit to research. They should be inside. They have to give up a Saturday because the president doesn't believe in climate science. Things, it's a hoax. You know the way those scientists are always trying to pull a fast one on us. Oh, you rap scallion. Fool me once and then prove it over and over and over again. Have it reviewed by your peers until it's a fact. Oh, Trump is talking about immigrants and Muslims. I'm from New York City. Immigrants and Muslims. Oh, you mean the people who make our lives convenient and delicious? First of all, we're all immigrants. I'm not from earth. Are you? I have no idea how I got here. I don't know how long I'm allowed to stay. But I don't think I've ever had a meal in New York City that wasn't either prepared or delivered by an immigrant. Almost every cab in New York driven by a Muslim. For New Yorkers, a Muslim extremist is just someone who gets you there faster. They say, whoa, I think that light was red. That's a little extreme. I remember the week of Trump's inauguration. Do you remember that? The week of Trump's inauguration. It began if you remember on the Monday with MLK Day, and then it ended on Friday with Trump's inauguration. Struck me as odd bookends. MLK, a man who told us to judge people not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. And I don't know what's more disturbing, the color of Trump's skin, or the content of his character. Thank you so much, everybody. Have a great night. Thank you so much.
Ladies and gentlemen, Joe Liss. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Thank you. Thank you. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Wow. Wow. Thank you. That was way too much. I feel like... I feel like everyone's aware that that was too much. There was definitely a moment where collectively, everyone was like, I think we're overdoing it. A little bit... I appreciate it. That was nice. Some of you I felt like that was more about you than it was me, to be honest. I felt like a couple of you were like, I'm going to be the guy. I'm going to... They're going to hear me. At least four of you are like, I can't wait to watch this, because I'm going to point out my voice going, hey! That's fair. Good to be here. In New York, I said it like I'm visiting. I live here. It's nice to live here. I travel all the time every week. I hate flying. I get very anxious when I fly. I'm not afraid of a crash. I'm afraid of a conversation. That's what I hate about flying. I was on a plane the other day. The guy next to me was like, what do you do? And I was like, I mind my own business on airplanes. That's something. First of all, you're sitting too close together to have a conversation. The guy's trying to make eye contact. We're just staring at each other from this distance. I'm like, I can kiss you without using a neck muscle. That's how close you are. I was on a plane the other day. The guy next to me was eating a lollipop. Don't you think that's an inappropriate airplane food? A lollipop? It's too noisy. He's like, pfft. I was like, sir, you're turning me on. Could you relax a little bit? They don't even sell lollipops at the airport. That's a from-home lollipop. That guy got a lollipop. He's like, I'm gonna hold onto this until I fly. I want to make sure I have that three inches from somebody's ear. I don't even know where you get a lollipop, by the way. Outside of a bank and a doctor's office, they don't sell them, do they? If you give me $10 right now and you were like, go get me a lollipop. I would come back a week from now with my shirt torn and be like, I couldn't do it. I hate everybody on every plane. We all hate each other, though. That's not exclusive to me. We all hate each other. You know we're gonna hate each other on the airplane? Because as you're boarding the airplane, everyone just stares at you, dead in the face, angrily, the whole flight just... That's the only time it's a society. We're not looking at our phone. Everyone's like, let's put our phones away and look upset at everybody else on this airplane. I hate it, but I do it too. I'm just as guilty. As soon as I sit down, I'm like, look at this fucking idiot getting on the plane. What? Back there. It doesn't matter where you are on the plane. You feel better than everybody behind you, don't you? You could be in the second to last row. There's one guy behind you. You're like, what a fucking idiot back there. Barsing, loser. Last row. I was on a plane the other day. I hated the guy behind me. He kept yawning, out loud, the whole flight. Am I a psycho or is that annoying? The whole flight is like, mmm. For like five hours. Mmm. I wanted him to die. I swear to God. I was like, I hope this guy passes away on the flight. First of all, you don't need to make a noise when you're young. That's a decision. He's deciding to do that. It's like if you were hungry on a plane, you were like, I'm hungry! Yeah, yeah, I'm hungry. I like life people know when I'm hungry. I think it's important for people to know that people you're on on love. They want attention. That's why they're doing it. They want you to be like, oh my god, are you tired? They're like, I am. Here's my entire life story. I thought it came to be tired. Don't fall for it. It's a trap. Plus, isn't it fun to not ask somebody a question when they really want you to ask them a question? You ever do that when someone was like, I had a wild night last night and then you're like, neat. And then you just walk away. That's like one of my favorite things to do. Just tell me your shitty story. Don't make me ask for it. I flew recently out at the airport, La Guadilla Airport here in New York. That's my home airport. I was walking through the terminal. They were playing Welcome to the Jungle by Guns and Roses at the airport. That's a weird airport song. I'm a rock and roll guy. I love Guns and Roses. I'm cool. I walk through the terminal. I just hear, get it down. Get it down. Oh, like, can we cool it down a little bit? It's 7.30 a.m. I'm eating a muffin and looking for an outlet. I don't think we need to rock this hard. Also, it's a little unnerving to be boarding a flight and here, you're going to die! Like, shit, am I? Does they play knocking on heaven's door next? They're never flying again. I do fly every week, though. Pretty much literally every week. I got upgraded a lot. That's the nice thing about flying all the time. I got upgraded recently. My wife and I, both of us, like we have two tickets in first class, but they're not together. We'd have to separate you. Is that okay? And I was like, 100%. I feel like that one hurt your feelings. I love my wife. I'm joking. I love my wife. You're going to take first class. You can get it. They can be like, we have two tickets in first class. You have to get divorced to have them. I would be like, maybe we had a great run. I love it. Come on. Let's get comfy. It was cross-country first class, though. That's the real deal, shit. That's where your seat turns into a bed. It is weird to get separated from your wife on one of those. Because they put me with like a random fat guy. I don't know, make a fun of her being fat. Because some of you are fat. But he was so fat. He was coming into my seat. Like, we were flush shoulder to shoulder. And then we slowly ease back into bed together. And then we chose the same movie. And I was like, this is the most romantic day I've ever been on. I'm like, if this guy makes a move, I'll bang him right here. I don't give a shit. We got blankets, turbulence. When Harry met Sally's on, it's nice, you know? At one point on the flight, I got up. I looked over my wife had her own guy that she was in bed with. And then he was like the hottest guy on the plane. And that pissed me off. Because I was like, I want that guy. Switch guys. You take this piece of shit. I want the hot guy. I paid for these tickets. I like watching movies on the plane. We all do that, right? I like Delta. I fly Delta. Delta is the best airline. They have the best movies on Delta. I don't know who they are. They're the best movies on Delta. I'm not sure if they're the best movies on Delta. I don't know who categorizes the movies that Delta. I don't think they're doing a great job. I was on a flight the other day. I went to the classic section and the hangover part two. It was under classics. I swear to God, it was Tequila Mockingbird. It's a wonderful life. And the hangover part two. Classic. I remember the first time I saw the hangover part two. My grandfather showed it to me. It was on Turner Classic Movies. And we watched it on his black and white TV. Really fond of it. That wasn't the most egregious stuff. The most ridiculous one. I went to this is true. You can check my Instagram account. I went to documentary and the movie, A Quiet Place, was under documentaries. I don't know if you remember that movie. That was a summer blockbuster horror movie where monsters kill you if you make a sound. Somebody at Delta watched that movie was like, this is an amazing documentary. Holy shit. How did I not read about this in the papers? I'm glad somebody documented this. I'll say what I need to do to the low. I'll apply a lot of you guys to do this. I like to download a movie. Bring a laptop on the flight. Download a movie. Then you can just choose any movie you want. But you can use some discretion. Because ever around, you can see the movie you're watching. So you don't want to get too weird with it. What time I brought the movie? Casino. You guys all remember that movie. Great movie. From the 90s, Scorsese. Very violent. If you haven't seen the movie, at one point in the movie, a guy has his head crushed in a vice and his eyeball pops out. I looked over. There was a seven-year-old child staring at my laptop. He looked horrified. I felt so bad. I was like, you know what? Take an earbud. It'd be better with sound. If you could hear it. Then he started crying. I was like, are you ratting me out right now? I'll crush your little head in this laptop computer if I have to. I was on a plane one time. The lady next to me, she was watching 50 Shades of Grey on her laptop. Did you guys say that movie? Great documentary. It's a classic and a documentary, really. Very sexual film. I thought she was watching porn at first. I was like, good for you, lady. Get after it. Enjoy yourself. The flight attendant came by. She's like, would you like more pretzels? I was like, more napkins. If you don't mind. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. Well, I'm back. Okay. I'll be back. I'll be back. We got to work on this. Beautiful night. We've got to work on our mind. We don't mind. I'll be back. I wasn't expecting to see tits on the plane. I kind of caught me off-guard. We were landing. Could you put your tray table up? I'm like, I'd rather not write this moment. Emma. I can't sleep on the plane. Even with first class, I can't sleep on an airplane. I don't know about you guys. My friend's like, why can't you sleep on an airplane? He actually, I'm crazy. He's like, why don't you just go to sleep? I'm like, I can't. And he's like, why? I'm like, is that hard to understand? That's not a normal sleeping situation. That's why. Like, if you went home tonight and you went to bed and there was a jet engine idling outside of your bedroom window, don't you think you might be like, I'm gonna have trouble sleeping tonight? Because of the jet engine outside of my bedroom window. And then also, some are replaced your bed with a chair. And there was 71 strangers in your bedroom with you. And then someone woke you up in the middle of the night to offer you a Coke. That's what they do on an airplane. He's like, I know you're trying to sleep, but do you want a Coke right now? I'm like, yeah, yeah, give me a Coke. I like to break up my sleep with a can of Coke. That's how I sleep at home. I sleep for four hours. I wake up, I drink a can of Coke. Kind of spice up my dreams a little bit. Sometimes I boil Coke right before bed. A little sleepy time Pepsi. I love Coke. I had a quick Coke. I quit Coke. I still do blow, obviously. You've got to live your life, you know. Coke is bad for you. I just drink it all the time. People would always tell me it's bad. People love to do that. My friend, people would always say, Coke could take the paint off your car. What does that tell you? I'm like, it tells me not to put it on my car. That's what I... I'm not putting it on my car. I'm putting it in my body. And I don't have any paint in my body. If I did have paint in my body, I would want to get rid of it. So if you think about it that way, Coke's actually a pretty healthy beverage. You don't want paint in your body. If your kid actually swallows some paint, give him a can of Coke. Send him back out there. He'll be fine. It's very healthy. My buddy tried to help me sleep on the plane. He's like, you know, I borrow my sleep mask for your flight? I'm like, I don't. First of all, I don't need a sleep mask. I have a built-in sleep mask called eyelids. My eyelids block out the light for me. Also, it's not the lighting. It's the farts and the announcements. It's what I'm having a hard time with. You don't need a mask to sleep. Those words don't even go together. Sleep mask. That's like a masturbation helmet. It doesn't. They don't go together. Honey, have you seen my masturbation helmet and my bowel movement knee pads? They were with my sleep mask earlier. Now I can't find any of them. I've trouble sleeping at home, too, because I have anxiety. My same friend, he tried to help me with that. He goes, the key to falling asleep, he goes, you want to keep your body temperature cool. That's OK, that makes sense. And he said, one way to do that, you can wear socks and gloves to bed. It'll draw heat to those areas and cool the rest of your body. That's like nice. I might try that. Or I might flick on the air conditioning. That might be another thing. I'll either wear socks and gloves to bed, like I escaped from an asylum. But perhaps I'll turn on the ceiling fan. I might even stick my leg out from underneath the blankets. That's another way people have been cooling down for several centuries. Good advice, though. I might do that in the summer. Some are time, you know. I'll go down to the beach on a hot day and wear a couple of oven mitts and some tube socks. Kind of cool down my torso. You know how a lot of times people wear gloves to keep their nipples cool. Good advice. I tried to get healthy. I quit drinking a long time ago, a few years ago, you know. Sometimes, oh, thank you. I don't know if there's a boo. That's usually a sign that you're an alcoholic, by the way. If you hear someone, I'd be like, I quit drinking. It's always like, boo. I was getting too wild. Sometimes you get too wild when you're drinking, you know. Sometimes I think there's like placebo effect to drinking a little bit. Do you see like a person they're acting like an asshole? They're like, it's the whiskey talking. And then you're like, that's a spear and a feist. And it's your first one. So I feel like it's your personality talking, actually. I think there's some placebo effect to alcohol. Because I haven't had a drink in years, but I had a cold recently. So I went to a health food store and I got a shot of wheat grass. I don't even know what wheat grass is. But they put it in a shot glass and I fired it back and I was like, who wants to see my dick? I kicked over a table. I was like, sorry, that was muscle memory. I haven't drank anything. One and a half ounces at a time in a while. I got fired up. I apologize. Give me some vitamins. I want to store them up. But it's hard to be healthy. It's hard for everyone. I'm like on the road all the time of traveling. So it's like, sometimes I eat McDonald's because the only thing open and also because it's my favorite restaurant. So I was at McDonald's the other day. I was dining in. It's funny, right? That's the term they use. You order your food like, will you be dining in? I'm like, I'll be eating over there. I feel like dining feels a little dramatic. I'm going to chew my food in the corner as fast as I possibly can in the hopes that nobody sees me. I'm not going to cut my burger in half and put a cloth knack into my shirt and light a candle. But I was. I was dining in. And the phone rang while I was at McDonald's. That blew my mind. You guys don't even seem weird enough about that. Not my phone. Their phone. Somebody called McDonald's on the telephone. A human being was at their house and was like, you know, we need to call McDonald's. Let me get them on the phone. I didn't even know they had a phone. The employees didn't know. They were like, what the hell is that sound? We have a phone. What? Who calls McDonald's? I'm like, what are you making reservations? That must have been the breathiest phone call of all time. Just, oh, are there new toys in yet? I asked the lady. I was like, what was that phone call about? She was like, it was somebody complaining about the food. That blew my mind even more. I didn't know we could complain about McDonald's. It's shit food. You bought. That's a gamble. I can go to McDonald's. My burger could be bleeding. I'd be like, that's hilarious. You guys are crazy. Let's get out of here. Not to complain to a McDonald's employee. Excuse me, my meal wasn't great. Yeah, my fucking life isn't great. Are you shitting me? Go to a real restaurant, asshole. I don't care. You can complain to McDonald's, I think. If they get your meal wrong, that's like one thing. You get your meal in the right way, you know. But even that's not great. You could be like, excuse me, you put pickles on this? I don't really like pickles. And what they do for you, they'll take the pickles off and they eat them while making eye contact with you. And they slide your burger back to you. I had a complaint recently in McDonald's, but I didn't complain because I'm a good American. God damn it. This is my complaint. I went to McDonald's and I ordered my meal. My meal came to $9.89, and I paid with a $10 bill. My change is 11 cents, and the woman went, do you need your 11 cents or no? I thought that was weird. Once again, none of you were affected by this. I thought that was strange. I was like, well, I would like it. That belongs to me. So typically, you would just give that to me at this point in the transaction, but she was like, right. But do you need it? And I was like, I don't need it. No, I guess not. And then she was like, great, thank you. She took it out of the drawer, put it in her pocket, and just walked away. And I was like, what the fuck just happened to me? I just got robbed with my permission. That was very strange. It was like a Jedi McMindtric. It was like, you're going to need your 11 cents. I'm like, I guess I don't. Take it. I ate a lot of fast food. I ate Chipotle a lot. That's like my go-to. Thank you. Chipotle, I live here in New York. Now, when you go to fast food restaurants in New York City, they have like a secret code on the bathroom door. Because like, if you don't have a secret code in New York, people will move into your bathroom. They're like, this is our apartment now. But I don't know if you know this. When you go to the middle of the country, people that want to live in the Chipotle bathroom. So there's no code on the bathroom door, which is confusing to us New Yorkers. I was in like rural Illinois recently, and I went to a Chipotle, and I watched it for the counter. And I was like, hey, what is the bathroom code? And the guy had no idea what I was talking about. He was like, number one, urine, number two, shit. Is that the code you're asking me for? I was like, no, I know that code, of course. That's the most popular bathroom code, of course. Number one, P, number two, poo. We all know that. That's international. That's all over the world. There should be a statue or a plaque to whoever came up with the number one, number two, system. I googled it for like three straight days. I couldn't get to the bottom of who came up with it. I think this though. I think it was a woman. I think a woman came up with it because I think women like to let you know when they have to go number two, but they don't want to say anything, because it's not socially acceptable. Like my wife, she lets me know when she has to go number two. She telegraphs it slightly. This is what she does. She scrunches up her body, and then she whispers. She goes, I have to go the bathroom. And I'm like, did you date a guy that hit you when you shit? Why do you look afraid of me right now? Baby, I love you. Get in there. Let it rip. Am I putting on an anti-bombo movement vibe? I'm pro shitting. We can make out why you're doing it. I like it. I'm not into shitting, but you got to get it out there. I'm cool with the bathroom. I have no bathroom issue. I have one bathroom issue. But this is only, I think only men deal with this. At some point, men reach an age where at some point they start taking their penis out several feet before they arrive at a urinal or stall. I don't like that. I don't know when that starts happening. Every once in a while, I'm in a public restaurant. You just see a guy like, I'm going to take a piss. I'm like, dude, you got to leave earlier or get less complicated pants. Something's going wrong. It's not like taking your keys out before you get to your car. It's a freds of it. I think that's just men, by the way. I don't go to ladies room. But I don't picture women like heads up, Barbara. I have too many coffees. Whoa. Sue. Great lady. I've got it. Anyways, I'm trying to eat healthier. It's hard. I tried to go vegetarian for like a week. I was like, let me go one week, detox vegetarian. I didn't, I tried. I didn't do great. I went five days. I ate spaghetti-os, M&M's, and fruit loaps exclusively for five straight days. And I was like, I feel like shit. My teeth hurt. It's diet sucked. I broke the diet by accident. Day six, I ordered spaghetti and meatballs at a restaurant. I swear to God, this is true. I'm an idiot. I was halfway through before I was like, you know what? I think there might be meat in meatballs. I'm going to, let me just double check on this. I was like, why didn't you guys not put meat in your meatballs? You do. There are balls of meat. Okay, that's correct. Thank you. Did me fruit loaps my any chance? I want to... I want to be healthy. I feel like I'm relatively healthy. I went to the doctor recently. I can afford to go to the doctor now. I still don't have health insurance, but I can afford a visit. This is where I'm at financially. I'm not rich, but here's where I'm at. I had a big milestone recently. This is my point in life. If I pay for something with a debit card and it doesn't go through, I say, run it again. That's like a big moment in your life. Most of my life is like, that didn't go through. That makes perfect sense. I'll get the hell out of here. I apologize. I hate myself. I'm going to move back over to my parents. Don't call the cops. But now I'm like, no way. That's on you. I got 300 bones in there. I went to the doctor. It's nice to go to the doctor. I went to the ear doctor. Most people don't go to the ear doctor. In fact, so few people go to the ear doctor, they had to combine forces with the nose and throat doctor. That's one doctor. Ear nose throat. That's the only doctor that combines body parts. There's no doctor. It's like, I'll put pussy forehead. Those are my three areas. Oh, man. It's like, yeah, those are my three favorites. So I just studied those. And now I'm, you know, nice. That's awesome. So I went to the ear nose throat doctor, which is a cool doctor. It's one doctor. He knows all three body parts. I was hoping it was three doctors saving money by sharing a small office. He's like, I'm Bill. This is Susan and Ted. Ear nose throat. Who do you need? I went from my ear. I have an ear issue called Tinnitus or Tinnitus. That's when your ear is ring. You got it? Yeah. It's frustrating. When your ear is ring or buzz all the time. I don't know how you say it. I thought it was called Tinnitus. But then I watched a YouTube video and the doctor on the video, he kept saying Tinnitus. And so then I was like, oh, I guess it's pronounced Tinnitus. But I went to the comment section and the first comment said, this guy's a fake ass fucking retard doctor. It's pronounced Tannitus. All caps. I thought it was like, shit. Now I don't know how to say this word. This gentleman's a doctor. He seems very smart. This fella seems less smart, but extremely adamant about the pronunciation of this word. Tomato tomato. However you say it, if you haven't, don't go to the doctor. They don't do shit. I went to the doctor. I was like, doc, I have a Tinnitus or Tinnitus, whatever you guys are calling it. My ears are ringing. And then he said, okay, I'm going to test your hearing. And I was like, oh, no, that's okay. My hearing is great. I hear everything plus ringing. So I kind of have super power hearing. If you think about it, I'm hearing, so that's not even in the room. He gave me the hearing test. I passed it, nailed it. Great hearing. Then he said, I'm going to look in your ears to make sure it's nothing obvious. I thought that was kind of hilarious, because he didn't explain what obvious would be. Like, he's going to look in my ear and be like, oh, there's a tiny alarm clock in your ear canal. That's a very rare condition. I'm going to reach in there, hit the snooze for you. It'll be fine for like nine minutes, but he looked in my ear. It was nothing obvious. So then he was out of things. He's like, well, you're hearing is great, and there's nothing obvious causing the problem. Then he said this, he goes, you have an over-bite. You might have something to do with your over-bite. That was it. No science, no confidence. He just picked out a thing I'm physically self-conscious about. I was like, maybe that? Could be your small dick also. I don't know. You know, there were a lot of problems. You were very unattractive. I was like, who's this? I'm fair. I felt insulted. I always feel insulted in the doctor. Don't you feel so vulnerable at the doctor? Everything he says. He tried to explain to me. He's like, you have tiny little hairs in your ear. And I was like, you have big hairs in your nose. Asshole. What do you leave me alone? You bully? He said, he was like, I recommend getting a white noise machine. And I was like, you're a white noise machine. I was like, what does a white noise machine do? He goes, well, that way you're hearing the white noise instead of the sound that you're hearing. And I was like, right, the sound of hearing is white noise. I have a white noise machine in my head. That's the issue. You're telling me to get surround sound of the problem of telling you I have. I feel like if you had a bad smell in your nose and you went to the doctor and he was like, put a little dog shit on your lip. Just every morning, scoop a little dog shit on your upper lip. That's what I would do. That way you're smelling dog shit. That'll be $8,000. We don't take any insurance. God bless America. I went to the dentist. I've been going to the dentist a lot. I didn't go to the dentist for like 10 years. Don't skip years. I thought you could just skip over those years. But they make you make up for the time you missed. I hate the dentist. I love my dentist personally. Like, he's a good guy where friends, I love him. But the dentist of the doctor, I trust the least. I think they're just making it shit up. I feel like those are completely made up by the dental industry. Nobody's on board with this. But the dentist is like, you have a cavity. And I was like, do I? It doesn't hurt. He's like, cavities don't always hurt. And I was like, I don't see anything. And he's like, you can't really see cavities. I was like, this is awfully convenient for you, isn't it? It doesn't hurt. And I can't see it. But you need to fix it. That's a little suspicious if you ask me. He's like, you can ignore it. But I'll turn you a root canal. And I was like, now I feel like you're threatening me. I think you're making shit up. And you're threatening me with it. And I was like, whatever, fill it, I guess. He filled the cavity. I think he filled it. I have no idea. They numb your mouth. You can't feel what they're doing. And you can't see what they're doing. So he might have been crocheting. I have no idea what this guy did. But he charged me 500 bucks, which seemed high. And then I went back six months later. You got to go every six months. And this time I needed a root canal. Different tooth. Wasn't even hurting. He's like, you need a root canal. And I was like, which tooth? He's like, which one you want? Just pick a tooth. That's what I make some extra cash for the holidays. I was like, are you sure I need a root canal? He's like, oh, yeah. He showed me the X-ray. Doctors love to show you the X-ray. As though you've read an X-ray. At any point in your entire life, he tosses it up there. He's like, take a look. I'm like, I don't know what that is. I read books and tweets almost exclusively. And he's like, see how it's all white right here? And I'm like, well, it's a black and white photo. So the whole goddamn photo is white. I was like, I can't afford a root canal. I was like, one of those like $3,000. He goes, they're not $3,000. He said, like, it was an idiot. He's like, they're not $3,000. And I'm like, all right, well, I'm not a dentist. And you don't have a menu with prices on it, okay? I was like, how much did they cost? He said $1,800. Which is a little frustrating. Because I feel like I was in the ballpark. It's like I said $75,000. I was pretty close. They did the root canal, which was fine. And then afterwards, he's like, now you need a crown. And I was like, how much did the crown cost? And with a straight face, he said $1,200. I swear to God, that's not even a joke at all. I was like, what? I'm sorry, that sounds an awful lot, like $3,000. You could have at least given me the satisfaction of nailing it. I should get both prizes, forgetting the... Have you guys had root canal, they're a bummer. They're not that bad. I've had like nine in the last three weeks, but... They're hooks in me. They're not that bad. They numb your mouth, like I said. So it doesn't hurt, but this is what they do. They drill into your tooth. I won't get to grab it. They drill into your tooth, and they just pull the roots out. They toss them or plant them. I don't know what they're doing with the roots. They collect them. Then they do. But they do it. They whittle your tooth down. They're like a little piece of shit nub. And then they glue a fake tooth on top of that. And then they go like this. We saved it. We saved your tooth. Like you did. You saved it. You did quite a bit of damage right before you saved it. Most of my tooth is on my glasses right now, but... You fixed it up new. I'd be like, if I had to get a haircut and they just shaved your head and gave you a wig and they're like, we fixed it. It looks a lot better. It looked ridiculous for a minute there. That'll be 18 hundo for the haircut. And 1200 for the wig. It's a packaged deal. I don't know what's the eye doctor. I got an eye exam. How did you get an eye exam for like 10 years? Do you know why I didn't get an eye exam for 10 years? Because I was basically off dental prices. I thought I couldn't afford an eye exam. It was like it cost me $3,500 to fix two teeth. That weren't even bothering me. What the hell is eyesight going to cost? $75. That's so much an eye exam cost in New York City. $75. I showed up with $5,000 in my pocket. I walked in there with all my money. I was like, just let me see again. I'll give you the rest when I have it. They're like, that'll be $75. I'm like, are you shitting me? Give me two eye exams. Double check both eyes. I'll pay for that. I'll pay for everybody's eye exams all day. I'm like, daddy war bucks in here. I don't think eye doctors have any idea how much dentists are charging out there. They could really up their prices if they wanted to. That's not maybe like eye doctors, like the lowest self esteem doctor. They're like, can you read the bottom line? It's fine if you can't. I can't either. I'm a fucking idiot. Stupid. My dad hates me. He's like, geez. You alright? Our teeth more expensive than eyes. That's like unbelievable to me. You have so many more teeth. If you lose a tooth, nobody even notices. If you lose an eye, you have a new nickname. People notice. If you lose an eye, your friends are going to be like, didn't you use to have multiple eyes? You did, you had two. I thought you had two. Plus teeth is other options too. If you can't afford a root canal, they can pull the tooth for you. It takes like three minutes. It's fairly cheap. They don't have that at the eye doctor. You know? You're like, I can't read the bottom line. You're like, once the pull that out, we can toss that thing right away for you. We'll give you some gauze and some vikin' in. Don't need anything solid for a couple days. I'm going to therapy. You guys going to therapy out there? Mental indental. No, not a big therapy. New York too. I love it. I can do it for you. If you guys wanted to go, maybe you can't afford it. I can do it for you. I didn't go to college or anything. But I know how to do therapy. I've been going long enough. Whatever you're dealing with, it's because of your family. Look no further than your own family. That's all therapy is. You complain about your problems than they says. It's your family. And then you're like, I don't know. And then I spent 11 seconds with my family. And I was like, he nailed it. These little worst people I've ever met in my life. I don't know how I didn't see this earlier. My aunt Betty, she's a big source of my anxiety. I don't know if you guys know her at all. She was a babysitter. Late in the 80s, early 90s. I have anxiety. That's like my biggest issue. I know what my anxiety began. I think it was because of my aunt Betty. When I was eight years old, this is a true story. My aunt Betty, when I was eight years old, this is a true story. My aunt Betty said this to me. She said, Joe, my biggest fear. Tell me her biggest fear. I didn't ask what her biggest fear was because I was eight years old. I did not give a shit about her fears. But she told me anyway. She said, my biggest fear is that when I go to the bathroom, there'll be a man hiding behind the shower curtain waiting to get me. And I was like, well, that's my biggest fear now. Also. Previously, my biggest fear had been wedding my pants. But that's now the solution to avoiding my new biggest fear. Entering the bathroom at my parents house. My parents were like, what do you want for your ninth birthday? I'm like, how about a year and a half in my bedroom? And maybe a firearm in a new babysitter, the big three. Now, it was my big fear when I was a kid, wedding my pants. Did you get like frightened of anything or scared, which I was scared of everything? If you get frightened by something, you could just urinate right in your pants. And then your life is ruined. That's a weird mind-body connection. I never understood. Like your brain is like, I'm terrified. And then your bladder is like, we'll go ahead and piss it in. And then your brain is like, that didn't help at all. And your bladder is like, that's all we know how to do. We just want to let you know we're helping. And then your colon's like, we're ready to rock also. If you want us to fire something up. Fortunately, my aunt Betty was never attacked by a man behind the shower curtain, which is good. I think it still happens. She's still alive. It probably won't. She lives with her parents. They have a security system set up. She's always lived with her parents. She's never moved out. She's never been married. She had the wrong worst fear. She should have been praying for a man behind that shower curtain. She might have been held a scooch on out of that house. But that joke got me evidently. But she's an asshole in real life. Don't worry about it. You guys really took her side. That hurt my feelings. God damn it. What about my feelings? I'll say what's good about therapy. You're going to diagnosis. You find out what's going on. Like what's wrong? You know, like we're all fucked up. You know, you go to therapy. You're going to diagnosis. Like I have OCD, obsessive compulsive disorder, which is fun. I like to say I have it. Some people word it differently. Some people will say this. I am OCD. You remember me? Those people? Like I got to go wash my hands. I'm OCD. That triggers my OCD. Because I'm like you're not saying it properly. I guess it sounds normal. Because you hear it. So it sounds normal. But watch me replace it with something else. I got to go wash my hands. I'm genital herpes. See how that... I'm sorry. You have genital herpes. It's who I am. Call me Jen for sure. It's very serious. I'm trying to relax more. It's hard. I got into Buddhism. I'm like a Buddhist sort of. I read a Buddhist book. It wasn't a book. It was a meme. If I'm being honest with you guys, but... I like to say book. You sound smarter when you say you read a book. But memes are more... they're preferable. They're more succinct. This is what I said. And I said, let negative thoughts come into your head. But don't serve them tea. Mm-hmm. Because you don't want your negative thoughts lingering around drinking tea. That's like the analogy, I guess. My negative thoughts aren't drinking tea. Mine are doing cocaine. That's a better analogy. My negative thoughts are like, climate change is going to make the world uninhabitable. Tomorrow! Oh, fuck. Jesus. I read this. Human beings have up to 70,000 thoughts a day. Did you guys know that? I thought it was like nine. I had no idea. 70,000 is too many. I don't think I have 70,000 thoughts a day. I feel like I have four thoughts a day. They just repeat 70,000 times. My four thoughts are, my parents are going to die. I'm horny. Is that cancer? Is this funny? Those are the only four thoughts I ever have in my life. I've been traveling a lot. I was stressful to travel. I went to Israel last year. I don't know if you guys have been. New York. You probably have. I went to the Dead Sea. That's like a big attraction in Israel. You guys know about the Dead Sea. Even if you've never been, you're familiar. You can float. That's like the big attraction to the Dead Sea. You float. I don't know if you guys know this. Did you know this? You can actually float in anybody of water. You do not have to travel to the Middle East if you'd like to float in water. You can do that right here in America. They don't know that over there. They're like, You're a water. You'll float. I'm like, we have chairs that float. They have little cup holders. We do it all summer. It's terrific. We got foam noodles. You can buy them for three bucks. But I went. I didn't want to go to them. But you're going to try new things. That's very important in life. That's what they say. I think new things are overrated, honestly. Once you get to a certain age, I'm 37. I like chicken parm and missionary sex. That's all I'm really into. People are like, what about Ville and reverse cowgirl? Those are inhumane. If you ask me, I'll let you go. I went to the Dead Sea. I had a tour guide. He gave me some fun facts with the Dead Sea. He said it's the lowest body of water on earth. I was like, oh, that's neat. Then he added a second part that I thought was annoying. He said, it's actually below sea level. I was like, I don't know if you're smarter than me or a dumber than me. But it's not below sea level. It is sea level. It's the sea. Whatever the level is, that's the sea level. You can't be below yourself. Maybe it's like, actually, you can't be. And I was like, maybe you should below yourself. I thought that was what I was. Right up the top of my head. That was pretty good. He didn't laugh at all. I think someone was watching translation. But I thought it was a good singer. Then he said this. He warned me. So when you get in the water, if you have any cuts or nicks or abrasions on your body, you're going to really feel it because the salt can get in there. And I was like, I don't have any cuts or nicks or abrasions on my body. So I'm not too worried about it. But then I got in the water. And you know, when I found out your pee hole qualifies as a cut, nick, or abrasion. I had no idea. All these years, I'm walking around with a cut on the end of my penis. Or a nick. My pee a dick, Nick. I'm not sure. I got in the water. I was like, ah! And then he was like, is your pee hole burning a little bit? And I was like, you fucking knew about this? You gave me that shitty snapple fact about the sea level. I failed to mention I might have a burning pee hole. It goes, it's normal. I'm like, no, it's not. That's abnormal. Normally, I have no burning in my penis while swimming. He's like, you'll get used to it. And I was like, I'm not going to get used to it. I'm going to get out of the water and go back to America. I'm not. I don't want to just have a burning dick. And be like, ooh, it's an acquired taste after a few minutes. I'm vigorating. Guys, if you want to experience the Dead Sea, go home tonight. Get a glass of water, fill it with salt, and then just ease down into the... I'm doing it. Get a sense of what the Dead Sea is about. Ladies, it's harder. It's harder to... It's harder to dip your vagina in a glass. But, gynas don't dangle, you know. Some do, but I feel like... I don't know if it happens with women, because I was with a friend of mine, Rachel. She's a woman. We got out of the water. And I was like, Rachel, my pee hole. Did your vagina burn at all? And she was like, I only went in knee deep. And I was like, oh, me too. Thank you. It was the proudest moment of my comedy career. I went to Ireland last year. Been there a couple of times. That's a beautiful country. They like to fight there. That's like a big stereotype, fighting Irish. I don't like stereotypes, but they nailed that one. I saw so many fights. I saw the biggest fight I've ever seen. A big brawl. It was two bouts. I was in Dublin. There was two boutsers from a bar fighting this one as a guy. And I think he was like a patriot. I don't know how the fight started. It was already in progress when I got there. They might have been fighting for centuries. But it was two on one. And the three of them, they just kicked the shit out of each other. Eventually the two guys beat up the one guy, because they had more arms than he had. That's a big advantage in a fight. They knocked the guy down. This would happen. They knocked the guy down, finally. And they didn't hit him while he was down. They just kind of stood there, like we've won the fight. And I was really, I was like, I respect that. Because here in America, if you get in a fight and you get a guy down, you kick him until he dies. You know what I mean? We're number one, goddammit. I'm from Boston. Maybe you guys are. But I mean, that missed the... But he didn't kick him. He didn't hit him all. He just kind of stood there. And then I was like, these guys are real gentlemen. They don't hit him man when he's down. But then plot twist. The guy, he was laying on the ground. His girlfriend came running over. And she was like, you sons of bitches. And one of the guys blasted her right in the face. And I was like, wow, I seem to have jumped the gun. I'm my assessment of these fellas. Not quite as gentlemanly as I first suspected. Won't hit a man when he's down. We'll hit a woman when she's up. So... I was like, I better do something, goddammit. I'm an American. I'm gonna take action. So I did. I tweeted. I was like, I just saw some crazy shit. Hashtag blessed. Fire it off. Hit him where it hurts. The lady was fine by the way. She was an inch. I would not make a joke if she was hurt. She was completely fine. I think she might have been on meth. I think that, because I read there's a meth problem in Dublin. And then when the woman got punched in the face, she went like this. Haaaaaaaaaaa! And I was like, I think that might be one of those meth people I was reading about. That seems like a methie reaction to a punch in the face. And by the way, she won the fight. Both guys were like, oh shit, that's crazy. They kind of left. And then she was crying. And then she kind of hugged her man. He was bleeding in the street. They kind of hugged. And for a moment, I got kind of jealous. I was like, my wife and I never do fun stuff like this anymore. That's really sweet, you know? Then this part, you're going to think I'm making this up. But I swear to God, this really happened. The woman, she walked over to the bar. She opened the front door of the bar, and she yelled inside. She went, all we wanted was some chips. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I was like. I really wish I saw the beginning of this fight, because... I feel like there has to be more to that story. There's no way. Like that woman was sitting at the bar. She was like, can we get some chips right over here? Take them outside. Beat the shit out of him. And punch her right in the fucking face. We do not sell chips at this establishment. The rest of my time in Ireland is like, can I get some chips? But if not, no big deal. I don't want to cause a big... I know you're very particular about your chip distribution in this country. I understand you had a famine some time ago. I don't want to cause any problems. I do have a wife. We have sex. You guys having sex out there? You like that segue? You don't like about sex? I like sex. You keep learning. I've been having sex for a number of years. Sometimes I feel like it's a learning experience. Recently, my wife and I had sex. She had a cold. We had sex anyways. She's a real trooper. In the middle of the sex, she coughed and it ejected my penis out of her body. Did you guys know what that happens? Not a little bit. 100% out of her body. I was like, whoa, what? I was like a magic trick. I've been telling you that's one, two, all the way down. Ear knows throat vagina. It's MTV. I was like, I gotta get some cough drops or a bigger dick. Something has to change here. Ladies, do you know you can do that? Next time you're having sex with your man and he's not giving it to you the way you like it. Just give him a good... Ah! Don't come back here with that weak ass shit. I'll coffee right out of this relationship. I was nervous to get back in there. I'm like, if she sneezes, I'm gonna be dead on the ceiling over here. I got back in there. Back on the horse, as they say. The horse being my wife in this particular situation. She's more of a putty. She's very putty. I got in there. I was really holding onto that headboard because I was nervous. I thought she was having an orgasm at first. They sound similar. She's like, huh? For like one second, I was like, I'm fucking hitting it today. Yeah! That she sneezed and blew it in my face. I was like, oh, that makes more sense. Then I came and said, God bless you. That was kinda high. That's actually a better time to say God bless you, really. Sex is fun. I love it. Sex is different when you're married though. I'm a dirty guy. I like to get dirty and weird. I'm a dirty guy. When you're married, you can't get too dirty. You have to segue back into your regular life together. You know what I mean? When you're single, you can say crazy. You can do whatever. I can't ever see this person again. That was weird. When you're married. It's hard to be like, stuff in my balls and choke me, bitch. Then five minutes later, I'll do the dishes a few vacuums. Is that cool? Sorry. Sorry about earlier. I don't know what happened there. I did. That's why I go entry-level dirty talk. Just kinda regular, you know what I mean? Like the other day, we were having sex. I don't know why I get too graphic out of respect. But she was on top and I went, yeah, fuck me. That's something, right? Standard. And then she said, I am. I had to be like, no, I know. I know you are. It was more of a rhetorical. Then I tried to cough her off of me. I want to see if I can do it to her. Nothing to do it. I got to do some kegels or something. I love my wife. I love her family. She's a sister. We're buddies. I was hanging out with my wife's sister the other day. And you ever send a text message too quick? And you miss a letter or a word? It changes the whole text. We've all had that. I had that happen recently. I was hanging out with my sister in law. And my wife texted. And she wrote, how's things going with my sister? And I wrote back, great. She's a lot of fun. I wish you were her. That's a bad text. I meant to write, I wish you were here. Obviously. I felt bad. I had to call her. I was like, hey, I didn't mean to write that. I was distracted. I was trying to fuck your sister. But I got a little confused. But I wish you were here. So we can all fool around a little, you know? Like in the movies. It's weird when you date or marry someone with a sibling. Because siblings tend to look alike. Because they have the same parents. But you're supposed to be attracted to the sibling. Because it's inappropriate. But they look alike. You got to pretend they know. You got to be like, baby, you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in the whole world. But this younger version of you is very off-putting to me. I don't know. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I would never be attracted to a slightly newer version of you. I don't... That's gross. I'm very attracted to my wife. Because you want to... I want her to be attracted to me. I don't know. It's hard. Because when you're married, you want the person to be attracted to you. I googled things that are sexy to women. And you shouldn't do that. That's a mistake. I read about 25 articles. I had none of the things in any of the articles. Which was a bummer. What things said making the bed is sexy? I make the bed. I feel like that's a bullshit article. That's just a woman trying to get guys to make her bed. I'm pretty sure. Like someone was like, put down making the bed. Let's see if they try that. Her editor's like, that's not really sexy. She's like, I know. Let's get our beds made. If nothing else, these guys are idiots. I don't picture a woman being like, ooh, look at the way he snaps out the wrinkles. That's so hot. Somethings I think should be sexy to women, but they're not. Like I don't understand women. Like the other day, I was putting my socks on and my foot just ripped right through it. I was like, whoosh. I turned to my wife. I'm like, ah. You want a bag or what? She's like, what are you talking about? I'm like, I'm too much man. That's what I'm talking about. Goddamn socks. Can't even contain me anymore. She's like, no, you have a hole in the toe. Oh my god, whatever it is. Sometimes it's confusing what sexy is. My wife and I, one time we were watching broke back mountain together and she got turned on, not by the sex. There's a scene in the movie. I don't know if you saw the movie. I won't give anything away. In case you've been waiting 17 years to watch this masterpiece. We're watching the movie. There's a scene in the movie where Jake Gyllenhaal's character. He yells at his father-in-law. He says, sit your ass down. You old son of a bitch. It's like a big scene in the movie. And then my wife was like, ooh, that was hot. I was like, is that hot? Should I be yelling at your dad? Is that... Is that a turn on? That never even crossed my mind. I wake up every morning. I do 100 push-ups and I make the bed. I never thought to reprimand your father. I am to please, though. We're going to visit her parents or dads. I'm going to take my princess out of the room. I was like, that's what you think. You fat fuck. It was like, what is wrong with you? I'm like, I don't know. What's wrong with her? That's the real question. You raised this weirdo. I'm trying to stay sexually relevant. I would love a nice cream. That's not what she's into. So sit down. You son of a bitch. Didn't turn her out at all, by the way. Turned her mother on. She loved it. She was like, yeah, give it to him. Hit this dip shit. I think I have a chance with her mother. It feels inappropriate. You got to spice it up, though. We've been together a long time. You know, sex. You got to mix it up. I tell you what I like. I like shoes and bed. That's my thing. Anybody? I'm talking like, hi, heels. Not new balance or A6. It would be something nice. I like shoes and bed because they don't belong in bed. It's like a threesome. I'm not a fan of you, but stick around. I like what this is going, you know. That's the sex you look on a woman, by the way. Naked with shoes. Not a man. Man, we're not quite able to pull that look off, just yet. If I'm naked wearing shoes, I look like a toddler that ran away from his mother while she was changing him. You ever seen that when so much change in the kid? And the kid makes a run forward. He's like, no! Tiny dick flipping everywhere. He hides in the curtain. That's me. I think it's when a woman is naked wearing shoes. It's kind of like she's like, I forgot to get dressed. A man naked with shoes is like, I forgot to take my medicine. I don't know what got into me. I'm sorry. I like morning sex. That's my favorite sex. Morning sex. First thing, right? Yeah, there you go. I love it. My wife doesn't like it. I'm like, let's have some morning sex. She's like, no, I want to start my day. Yeah, I want to start my day also. That's what I was referring to. Frankly, it's a little hurtful that you wouldn't consider that part of your day. That she's just eating cereal. I just got cock-blocked by Tony the Tiger. That's not a great feeling. I think the problem with morning sex, morning breath. That's the main problem. Morning breath. I'm pretty sure is how doggie style sex got invented. There was a couple having sex first thing in the morning, and then 30 seconds in, the woman's like, let's try this at my face, bury in the pillow. That'll be better. We can still do it. I'll just lift my genitals to you and hide my nostrils and we'll win. Thank you for making the bed, by the way. That's really nice of you. Thank you guys very much. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. Thank you. Take care. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen! Oh my god, let him hear it, everybody. Come on. You're welcome. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here.
What's up? You guys look like a fucking lady or what? Ladies in the house tonight? I like being a fucking lady. Especially in the 90s, we give the say what the fuck we want to, don't we girl? That's right, and still be a lady. That's right. Because you don't know how they can say the shit they want to say. They had to fake orgasms and shit. We can tell niggas today, hey, I want to come, motherfucker. Shit, we got Oprah. I watch Oprah, got them, because I ain't got no mean. But that's all right, because between Oprah and my gynecology is I'm satisfied. That's right, I learned to appreciate that fucking pap smear. I'm out once a year, boo, and shit, I see you tomorrow, motherfucker. Shit. Shit, shit inches. I'm out, heart, shit. But he finished, I smoke a fucking cigarette. I said, wasn't good for you too. And some women like for a play, you know. If you create a bun of you, you can get for a play with that fucking pap smear. Oh yeah, all you gotta do is say some shit like that, cuck. I get a breast exam before the pap smear. Maybe a not-niss-monger, fucker, watch you check it out. I know, I know. I know what you're saying. She's so fucking feminine and lady-like. She's such a fucking lady, yes I am. Live in and lady. I like the shop, cause ladies like the shop, don't we girls? But don't you hate the pictures that work in the store following you around, ask you stupid shit? Trying to keep you from stealing and shit. I hate them hoes. Bitches on commission, what I call them. You try some fucked up shit, who cares? What you wear, bitch, okay? I try to avoid them, you know I go to a wreck and take eight or nine items off the wreck and go in the fitting room, but they're not gonna fucking do a wanted. How did those fit? Like, gee, they fit perfect, but my purse won't zip up now, bitch. Do you have a bigger bag I could use? Don't fuck with me when I'm being feminine and lady-like. I love being a lady now, you know, cause you can say shit that you couldn't, for example. I could tell y'all right now that sometimes I'm in a shower and I gotta pee. I don't get out that muppet. I'm fine. Shit. I figured a water going down any motherfucking way after. Shit, why would I not tell it, don't you know? I know what you're thinking. She's such a fucking lady. That's right, I was raised that way. I like, cause men, I like men, I like y'all. I ain't got none right now, but I like y'all. Y'all cool, but y'all do some stupid shit. Especially when you got a little old dick. You know, you do some stupid shit that you little dick men do. You ladies, you haven't walkin' down the street. Two guys in the car ride up. How come is always that motherfuckin' a passenger sad to say, hey baby, wanna ride? What the fuck am I doing, take your place motherfucker? Ain't that what you doing, gettin' the fucking ride? Stupid shit, man. Stupid. And I know about now y'all, I know that I've got some big ass lips. Yeah, I know that I've got some big motherfuckers too. Hey, I know that I've got some big motherfuckers. Yeah, all my lips are big, motherfucker. That's right. See, see, here's a cat, a motherfucker. Highly enough, blowjob. And he ran about a sad phone, little old feet. So you know it's dick smart. I couldn't give him no blowjob. My big ass lips, his little old dick, it wouldn't work. And he like trying to give a whale a tic-tac motherfucker. And she wouldn't work. It wouldn't work. It wouldn't work. Oh my god. Oh my god. I have my last. I can't walk with that man. Hey, my name's Adele Getter. I'm the judge of the show.
I love me a good looking woman, but you know what? It seemed like none of the names. Y'all women, y'all just started wanting two goddamn months. Fellas said it last three words. Two goddamn months. I can't hear you, fellas. Two goddamn months. How many women here tonight want a man with sensitivity? Clap your hand. Just think about it. Are you women just clap your hands? Just think about it. One late night, you and your man land in bed. Somebody break into fucking house. You're man sensitive. Y'all bulkets y'all ass who? Say it, fellas. Two goddamn months. Can't do the regga shit anymore. You lay on your bag and we lay on top of you. But two or three minutes and get the shit over with. No, they want it all like this now. They want to hang from shit now. They want to wrap around shit now. You know what shit I hate the worst of? That's standing up shit. They want you to hold a big ass up now, make loads of. Can't hold it, hold that stuff no more. What just cool, right? Put about two or three minutes. You know you working and working and you know like you're lifting weights and you're working so your muscles so long they get freezing. Now fuck that, get your ass on that. Say it, fellas. Two goddamn months. And the worst should of all. Nineteen nights. You got to eat couch in there. You eat that stuff man. You eat that stuff man. You eat that stuff man. You eat that stuff man. You eat, you eat. Yeah, I know you do because you got some shit dry up right there. What the shit I get it now, get what the shit up? That shit can kill you man. Stop doing that shit. It almost killed me. Now I try this shit for the first time last week I'm serious. Hey Lon. I went down right it was cool. Counting salty. Had this swing in taste soon. I went out one on you know how you do it. And I came out like stuff was like everywhere. I didn't want to just get up in the middle of sex and just you know wipe it off. She knew then I didn't know what I was doing. So you know how I got it all fellas? I went on the legs. Hey. Put it almost killed me don't man I'm serious. I almost killed me. I got back up and stuff back make a little bit so good. I still have a count on my own name. So this Vince D. This Vince D. I'm talking to it right? I got a piece of hair stuck in my throat. I'm the baby. I'm up here dying right? She thought that shit was so good. She died off me went to the phone and called her girlfriend. She knew you. Girl, I'm in that time I told you I had some good stuff. And you said now girl your stuff is good. Girl I let me some heal that dying right now. You guys make me great Vince D. Please.
That is the type of forced, fraudulent, crowd response that will propel my outfit. I'm a lawyer, I can sue you. He actually said that, I'm a lawyer, I can sue you. Because as you know, only lawyers can sue people. He's so lucky he had that job. Otherwise, man, yeah man, lay hand on me. You'd be crazy not to. You will get away with it. I work at a magic shop. Sadly, I'm not a lawyer. All lawsuits just lawyers suing people who punch them in the face. I'd like to see that trial. Well, you're on it all started when I felt the need to yell titties out for 20 straight minutes. Oh, well this is going to be a short one. I find in favor of anyone who punched you in the face. Boom. Titties. It's talking to Chris Rock the other day, not to name drop. He said, I told him I was doing this especially because it started out with a really solid joke. It seems that's what I've done. I walked around my neighborhood, walked past a girl scout selling cookies at a table with her mom next door. I walked close to the table. I saw the girl scout was signing autographs for people. As I go, you movie star. Her mom's like, her pictures on the box. I looked down at the box. Her picture was on the box. I'd never seen this before. I freaked out. Then I got a little competitive. I was like, well, the only reason I asked is I'm actually a movie star. I don't know what movies you've seen at your young age, little jandy, but I bet you saw one called Pudy Tang. You remember the guy in the car? You're talking to him. What about the wrestler? Do you see that one, little jandy? I got to go to the Venice Film Festival for the premiere. They made me pay my own way, but when I got there, they let me watch a movie. Yeah, $3,300 flight. 700 for a Toxian. Anyway, give me a box of Samoa's. Make it out to Todd. Good to be back on stage at a real venue. Comics are doing some weird gigs over this pandemic. Used to be a get a text from a cog. Have you done that new club in St. Louis? Did they put you up in a nice hotel? And now it's like, have you done that fire escape show on Staten Island? How many hand washing stations do that? Been tested for COVID like 38 times. At some point I realized it's something to do. I was like, oh, this is an activity, isn't it? This should be in time out in New York's free stuff to do this week. I'd hear about a testing site that had an hour away at a big hour. That'll work. So I can find one with a two hour wait. Try to make it a social event called my friend fill up. I go fill. Let's go get tested together. Be gray. We'll walk six feet apart. Stand in line six feet apart. Be a great COVID hang. So I thought I don't need to get tested. I've been quarantining. And also I need to go to the Apple store. You can do both of us. Rhymes me with time I was in solitary confinement and need to go to supercuts. Want to get a COVID test and they're sitting on a swab each nostril for 10 seconds. This is the way she counted. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. I was like, you know, I'm a busy guy but I did block off the full 20 seconds. I wasn't looking for express service on this. I'd hate to get stitches for me. I'm going to give you 10 stitches. One, two, nine, 10. Get out of here. I just freed up some time in your day to show off your gaping wound. We got mad if you got the vaccine too soon. You hear these conversations, you get vaccinated? Yeah. Oh, how'd that happen? Oh, I have asthma. Oh, you have asthma. That's interesting. I'm saying I've known you for two hours. You've never mentioned that you have asthma. Got mine a little early. Got my sticker saying I got vaccinated. Posted on Instagram. Thought people would be happy for me somewhere. Others were like, I want to know how you got that vaccine. Then someone else wrote in, yeah, I was about to ask them that myself. Then the third person, like, you guys both beat me to the punch on this one. How do you get that jab? It's like calm down, fellas. I'm about to post a screenshot of my medical records. It is your business. It's really good about wearing my mask. I've got a few actual altercations with anti-maskers. Cannot believe how brave I was. I'd be at bed bath in the honor of like, hey, you. Talk and use 17-year-old stock clerk. See the guy by the salad spinners? No mask. Get him. Yeah, grab that set of carving knives. That's a big dude. Your little guy. And I'm headed for the exit. I'm not even going to pay for these scrub datties. I was in Burlington, Vermont, got into a taxi and I saw the driver didn't have a mask on. I said, do you have a mask you can put on? He's like, I do, but you're not going to like it. I'm going to like it. Please pull out the hilarious novelty mask. This guy pulls out a mask. His Biden is useless as his mask. Oh, you got him. Powerful stuff. He's going to be said if he ever reads that, if he's straddling your rearview mirror. Then the guy said, this new variant, it's just bronchitis. That's what my doctor told me. What was your doctor adjusting your back while I told you that? Oh, yeah. Settle chiropractor reference. Always brings the house down. Good year for doctors to be on TV. Sanjay Gupta, oh my god, they put that guy to work. Special early on the pandemic, he'd be on CNN like I have one, I'm Sanjay Gupta, I'm a neurosurgeon. And today I'm going to teach you how to sanitize a nutrient grain bar. I repeat, I'm a neurosurgeon. I do brain surgery. I could be doing brain surgery right now. In fact, someone isn't getting brain surgery. Because I'm standing here with a tub of chlorox wipes about to teach you how to do something you don't actually need to do. But more on that in eight months. That's a learn how to cook during the pandemic, went on TikTok for recipes. Every recipe on TikTok is speed oriented. Look you want to make a 25 second breakfast? Start the clock. Start to embrace the idea of cooking. But then there's always that ingredient deal breaker. I'll be watching the chef on the screen, I'll go, come on man, you think I have rice vinegar? You know I don't have rice vinegar. Look at me, you know I don't have. Three people in the world have rice vinegar. You and your two roommates. You realize how lazy it was about cooking. I'd read the directions on a microwave burrito. I'd be like, heat on high for one minute, then flip over. I didn't go to the cord on blue, culinary, I'm going to see if I can slam this out in one step. No basting. Glad to read now again, I've had some great exchanges with waiters and waitresses over the years. This is an actual exchange act with a waiter and Italian restaurant in New York City, not too long ago. Hi, is it possible to get a decaf espresso? You're the worst. Okay. I don't mean to be all lawyerly, but that was a yes or no question. But if you want to go with the year the worst, that works fine. Anyway, give me a decaf espresso with a big spoon of ketchup in it. Now I'm really bad. It's in a diner in Oklahoma. I ordered a salad and she goes, what kind of dressing I said Italian? She leaned in whispered something to me, but I didn't understand her, go, what's that? She goes like, it's not good. What's not good? The Italian dressing. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good about it. It's not that tangy. Maybe you and I have different standards for tangy. Which dressing should I get? I'd go with a thousand island. I don't like thousand island. I'll have the Italian. Are you sure it's not good? What part of it's not good, don't you understand? We'll end that one right there. It feels like four points I could have gotten out of that joke and just kept going. It felt so comfortable with you guys. It's been really good before the pandemic started taking a Pilates class. It's just me and three women who knew how to do Pilates. Instructor always had to make adjustments. Let's do that thing when we hang from a bar and do jumping jacks and sit ups at the same time. Todd, here's some crayons. Why don't you mark up the wall for me, Todd? Draw an owl for me. Big owl with a lot of detail. All right ladies, we're going to stand on our hands and put a hundred pound weights on the balls of your feet. Todd, I don't know. Download a Scrabble app. Or leave. Yeah, I want you to leave. I like that idea best. Walking's good exercise. Walk on Adder. Yes, I see your t-shirt. This is I Heart Pilates. Hit the road. That's a Chicago. That's a pretty cool city, huh? That was, I took a pandering course earlier in the day. And they said to say that on stage. How much is a house here? What's that? Nine? Nine what? Nine dollars? Oh my God. Note to self. Talk to someone else. Department just sold a New York City bought by a hedge fund manager. $238 million. $24,000 square feet. If I had a 24,000 square foot apartment New York, I'd still be telling people from out of town. I'm not really set up for guests. Yeah, it's just a one bedroom apartment with a 53 home offices. Yeah, you're welcome to crash, but you'd be sleeping with your head on a fax machine. The upkeep must be ridiculous on that place. You'd be at home. I don't know if you want to go to the movies today. I'd love to. We really need to go to bedbath and be on it by 35,000 swiffer sheets. I can't even imagine a 24,000 square foot apartment. My apartment is 800 square feet, and I'm a celebrity. So I have to become a hedge fund manager. You get a bigger place or worse than that. Find out what a hedge fund manager is. Again. Tried like 500 times. People start explaining to me, you know what's not going to happen. I'll try again in six weeks. Everything's expensive in New York. I went to buy new glasses, eye glasses, went to a boutique place. I go, how much are these glasses? The guy said they're a thousand dollars. I was like, oh, that's kind of expensive. He's like, well, think of it this way. You'll have them for three years. It's like a dollar a day. Well, when you put it that way, it sounds more expensive. I asked you how much these glasses are, and you said you have to give me a dollar a day, every day for three years. I'd be like, wow, that is a pricey pair of glasses. I'm doing the math in my head. I'd say that's roughly $1,000. Why don't I take $1,000 by two pairs of $200 glasses, and also a round trip ticket to Barcelona? Now I'm glad we're traveling again. A few years ago, I went to Bangkok. Almost didn't go. I saw a video on YouTube called The Scams of Bangkok. This dude was a little paranoid. I was like, if you go to a museum, and you see someone smiling, total scam. If you go to a restaurant, they have noodles on the menu. Your identity has just been stole. If you show up at your hotel, there's a front desk called Interpol. Classic flimflam. Can't believe I've barely done any crowd work. What do you think? How's it going? What's your name? What do you do, Chris? I don't think I want to do crowd work tonight. Design engineer? What does that mean? OK. I'm in the business. I'm in the business. I'm in the business. I get this. I was just going to upgrade these recess lights. It's good talking to Chris. We just took a recess from being funny. Always dead. I pulled that one out. I'm trying out Airbnb's on the road. You got to read those listings very closely. They always start out good. It's like on a tree line street close to shops and restaurants. Oh, I like that. You'll have the whole place yourself. I let my neighbor store's guns in my linen closet. Yeah, not sure I feel about that. So he might pop in from time to time. Definitely don't like that. But don't worry as a kid who that makes me worry. Also, there's a great home theater system. You're not allowed to use it. Stay out of the kitchen. And there's a python under the sofa. You must feed him 15 times a day. But to reiterate, you'll have the whole place yourself. Close to shops and restaurants. Always get nervous booking an Airbnb because my pictures and my profile. I know the hosts are going, oh my god, honey. You're not going to believe who's sleeping in our attic tonight. I'll give you a clue, small but pivotal role in Pudy 10. Todd Berry is sleeping in our attic. Yeah, he can't afford a hotel, I guess not. Let's get the good pillows out for him. I said hotel in Los Angeles. When I got back, I realized I left my toiletribeck at the hotel in Los Angeles. And it was a really nice one sent to me by the cartoon network. I had cartoons all over it. I wanted it back. I called out the hotel I got housed in room 318. I left my toiletribeck, it's got cartoons all over it. I was like, oh yeah, we found that. I was like, great, can I get it back? Can you describe the cartoons? Did you think I was calling you on the off chance? That's someone left behind the toiletribeck with cartoons on it. Like I'm in the market for one. I wanted to find one, some calling hotels all day long. Hoping for a miracle. Maybe I got an anonymous tip. Some guy comes up to me in an alley town, don't ask why I am. If you're in the market for half a bottle of dandruff shampoo and five dusty viagras. Call this hotel, tell me in your room 318. He left your toiletribeck, it's got cartoons all over it. What kind of cartoons they'll never ask you that. Why would they ask you that? Be crazy to ask you that. Straight clap there. Took an Uber in the Midwest and at the end of the ride, the driver said, Sir I owe you an apology. I was like, for what? Because I'm sorry I didn't talk during the trip. I really like to focus on my driving. It's like, while there are apologies, I've been waiting 35 years for. This guy hits me with the most unnecessary apology. It's like, sir, if you're apologizing for not making me talk to a stranger for an hour and a half, guess what, all's forgiven. Maybe it doesn't always go that way. Maybe sometimes like, sir, I want to apologize for not talking during the trip. Yeah, what was with that, man? You see me back here all alone, son? Just a man in his French horn. Mmm. I played the French horn in middle school. So I was able to nail that tone. At least the guy apologizes, oh that was nice. I like apologies. I even like shitty apologies. My favorite shitty apologies, the convenient apology. Or someone will only apologize because they ran into you. It's always something that happened a long time ago. It's like, hey, Tom, I'm glad I ran into you, man. Remember we were at that party recently? That was 1991. I got a little drunk, you got really drunk. I said a few things I shouldn't have said. You said a lot of things you should have said. I think I beat the shit out you did beat the shit out. Anyway, I just want to say I'm sorry. Well, I appreciate that, Scott, to think this would have happened if I went to my usual frozen yogurt shop. Let's do some more crowd wear. Whoa. Calm down, seven o'clock, shall. What's your name? Brenna. BRENNA. What do you do, Brenna? Holy shit. You got any stories? What's the most exciting house about the bear and the car? Really? In the car? The car you were driving in? In the car. You looked outside and there was a bear on the car. Someone would argue that you weren't looking outside. I looked outside inside the car. That's a good story. Cut that one. Cutting room floor. How did you react to the bear? There you go. There's not open doors. Save that one also. I was talking to a guy in the audience asking what he did for a living. He goes, I'm a cabinet salesman. I was like, do you like it? I was like, what do you love about being a cabinet salesman? I like having dinner with my customers. I don't know if that was a wine and dine, since we're all in stall. I love them. They're all in stall. I guess it's Beastro time. Time for the traditional post-cabinet installation. Celebratory dinner. What are you hangin' for? I'm sorry I'm havin' dinner with the guys who steamed clean my drapes. It's been quite a day. Breakfast with my exterminator. Happy hour drinks with my plumber. I'm gonna have lunch tomorrow. You know what I'm going to Apple picking with the guys who regra out of my bathroom top? This is a true story. I was in New Orleans on tour about six months ago and I started that show. I met the guy who was a cabinet salesman. The guy yells out, that was me. I looked down. It was him. What a thrill for that dude, man. Imagine sitting there and I do a joke about you. It's unbelievable. I'm so happy for the guy. That might happen with the bear story. I still don't know where the bear was. I'm so happy for the guy. I don't know if it's inside or outside there. Yeah, she locked the door. I don't know if it's inside or outside there. Yeah, she locked the door. From the outside of the bear's inside. I guess we'll never know. My printer broke recently. Sorry. The Bamiya. The light flash that's at Paper Jam. It's a printer tech supporter. Let me go do a little research on Paper Jam. Did I lay a new term on you? Isn't that the problem you make fun of at the call center? The phone rings. I wonder if there's going to be a paper jam. Oh, shit it is. It's like calling up a steakhouse and asking if they know about baked potatoes. It's like calling me up and asking me if I know about standing ovation. Oh my god. I can't believe you applauded at that. I feel so guilty. I can be a dick sometimes. I feel like feeling intellectually superior. I was at a bar in Austin, Texas. The guy next to me was talking to the bartender. He said, I like the last drink you made me more better than this one. I was like, ooh. We got ourselves a dumb dumb. A full of 30 seconds passes. The guy turns me, he's like, did I just say more better? It's like how do you make that mistake and then catch that mistake? I liked it more better when you didn't know how to talk. I got that more better joke work. Month ago, that was dead in the water. Then I'd come here and it's such a successful moment in the show. Wow. That was my bear story. I had a beard for a while. Then I got a girlfriend who doesn't like beards and she's really subtle about it. She'd say things like, oh, you have a beard, huh? Some of my friends like guys with beards. It's like, oh, that's weird. Some of my friends like when people say things directly. There's a true story. I got an audition for that show Billions and I told her about it. She's like, do you have to shave for your audition? Only question she had about the other. You have to shave for it. It's not, I don't have to shave for it. It's an audition. It's not like they're going to watch my taping. Oh, my God, he's perfect. But this character's clean shaven. There's no easy fix for this. We'll go with Daniel Day Lewis. My girlfriend's from rural Oregon and she wanted to go camping. She's like, do you even know how to put up a tent? I was like, no, I don't. She's like, that's a good skill to have. What if there's an emergency and I'm incapacitated? Never thought of that. Whenever I've thought of emergencies, that one's not come up. No, I know one. What's your emergency? My girlfriend was attacked by a bear. Sarah, calm down. Do you know how to assemble a tent? I know what I was hoping you'd send medical attention. We're not sending medical attention. Sir, we're sending five REI employees. Now, make some smores and hang tight till they get there. I don't know anything about sports. My girlfriend knows more about sports than I do. I actually asked her this question. I go, do you stand up or lie down on a snowboard? I was like three months ago, she just stopped laughing 10 minutes ago. I've never heard any laugh that slapped my life. I was like, baby, laugh in my amazing jokes, not my perfectly reasonable questions. I got to look for red flags in relationships. I look looking for red flags in other people's relationships, especially before they even have one. That's the best. Someone's all excited about a potential new romance. They talk to me. I'd bum them out. It's great. His friend of mine was going on a first day, like, where are you going? She was going to meet at a bar tomorrow night at 10 o'clock. 10 o'clock. Ooh, red flag. But he works late at the hospital. He works at a hospital. Ooh, second red flag. He's a highly respected surgeon. Ooh, third red flag. He's a huge fan of your comedy. This guy sounds horrible. I got an email from my doctor's office telling me my doctor is becoming something called a concierge doctor, meaning there's a $2,300 annual fee just to see her, and I still have to pay for all the appointments. Email said it's a great program. You get a special phone number where you can text your doctor 24 hours a day. A special phone number. You mean the doctor's phone number? I can text her 24 hours a day. Okay, dear doctor. Sorry to bother you at 4 a.m. on your burner phone. But I have a really important question. Can I take a third, Advil? I implore you to write back before five. My head is pounding. Sorry to find a good doctor. Sorry to find a good doctor. The doctor to find is a therapist. One of my insurance companies website looking for a therapist. That'll list a therapist who take the insurance and you can sort them by distance. It seemed like a weird way to find a therapist. That's the way I find a dry cleaner. I can't imagine that someone's like, I'm really depressed, but if you make me walk more than two minutes, for excellent care, I'll be really, really depressed. Imagine ending up at that therapist. You found sorting by distance. I'd be at that first deployment taught. I got to ask you, how did you find me? Oh, your office is in my building. I live directly upstairs. I woke up 11 seconds ago. Thought you looked familiar to me. I'd probably seen you in the hallway. I'd never seen you in the hallway. It was your small but pivotal role in pity time. Pity time. That's a weird word to mispronounce. Hey, you said, Poodie Tang wrong. Okay. Thank you, God, the joke. Therapists have websites now. I'm going to read the book. Therapists have websites now. I saw a therapist website and a link to his Twitter page. It's like, oh, do you have tour dates and merch also? I clicked on this guy's Twitter page. I saw he followed a bunch of comedians. I was like, oh, not going to this guy. I don't want a comedy nerd. It's my therapist. Obviously, appointment crime. I was out dog. I feel awful. What should I do? Well, Tariya thought of doing something nice for someone else. Maybe that'll make you feel better. Like what? I don't know. Why don't you hook me up with Bill Bear tickets? I don't know if that's going to help, Doc. Didn't help when I gave you Pat and Oswald's email address. And you got to stop writing to him. He's not going to read that script. I read somewhere that the most marked up bottle of wine on a restaurant's wine list is the second cheapest. Reason they do that is, got to be on a date to embarrass them by the cheapest wine, picks a second cheapest, and gets destroyed. Probably the best thing I've ever read my entire life. It's like, who can we screw over here at the restaurant? How about a guy looking for love who's also on a budget? That's why I hired you, PJ. You're an IDM man. See his bottle of peanut on a wire costs us a dollar 50. Let's go 600 on this one. Better love cooking shows and shows about travel and stuff like that. I was actually on the Seth Meyers show once, years ago. And the other guest was Anthony Bourdain. I got to meet him real briefly. And I'm glad it was a brief meeting because I don't want to be backstage trading road stories with Anthony Bourdain. He said, yeah, remember once, I was in South America, got bitten by a snake while I was trying to eat at small intestine. Well, yeah, I was once at a hampton in in Little Rock. And they ran out of Captain Crunch at the breakfast buffet. I get it. Poor guy must have had annoying fans when you're traveling food expert. People running up to you on the street, Anthony, here's the deal. I'm going to Malaysia and I love turkey burgers. Anthony Bess Rice Krispie Treat and Paraguay. Let's hear it. Anthony, I'm going to Dsseldorf and I love Empanyadas. I need your top five. Like that show chopped. That's a great show. Four chefs compete for a $10,000 prize. My favorite part about that show is none of the chefs have a realistic grasp of what you can buy for $10,000. I was like, chef, what do you do if you win the $10,000? Well, I've always wanted to travel around the world for a year. Flying first class everywhere. How you can do that for another $1.3 million? Here's what you're going to do. You can fly first class to Cleveland. Take a megabust to Columbus. Flyback premium economy from Columbus with a five hour layover in Cleveland. Then you're out of money. Chef, what do you do if you win $10,000? It's about six brothers that left about the Meacher Rolls Royce. Here's what you're going to do. You're going to buy three decent skateboards. Then you make a little sign up. A sheet of your brothers can take turns. Chef, what do you do if you win the $10,000? I think it'd be great to buy my mom a house. That'd be the greatest. Buy your mom a sweet $10,000 house. Here's what you're going to do. You're going to buy yourself an updated food processor. Then the best wooden spoon. Then you can make your mom some dip. And she can enjoy it in the house she currently lives in. Not the $10,000 before taxes dream house. Also known as the $3,000 house. Also known as a used minivan. It's fun being a comedian work a night. Have all day to have some weird days. Had a weird day recently went to the podiatrist. Then I adopted a kitten. That was my to-do list for a Tuesday. That was great. I was at the podiatrist office stretched out looking down on my little toes. I was like, aww. I can't imagine anything cuter than that. 40 minutes later, holy shit. What was I thinking? Finally found something cuter than my little toes. Little baby kitty cat. It's fun being a new cat owner. Get to buy your stuff. I was on Amazon looking at cat treats. Found the brand of cat treat. There's a bunch of reviews next to it. So all there was one star review. Is that cool? I got to read a one star review of a cat treat. This was the entire review. My cat didn't like this. Guys, I just keyboard. I'm going to keep this lean and lean. My cat didn't like this. I could just see that guy at home. Hey, pockets come here. Got some new treats for the child. What do you think? Oh, you don't like them? Don't worry. Daddy will bank her up the company. What just tried different brand? Don't be so petty. You don't be so polite pockets. I'm going to crush them. Made a mistake of getting a kitten instead of an adult cat. That's a mistake. I'm horrible. Oh, my God. I didn't know it was in for. She attacks me while I'm trying to sleep. It's gotten so bad I've actually checked into hotels. I've checked into the closest hotel in my apartment three different times to get some sleep. Probably $5,000 worth of hotel rent. It's a great check in. Now you walk in. No bags. Bleeding. So you hear for business, sir? No, actually a kid in a taxi. Oh, where are you coming in from? Look outside. See that building 50 feet away? See that light on the seventh floor? See that kitten in the window? Yeah, the one drinking a glass of rose. Smoking a cigarette with one of those long holders. Oh, she's holding up a sign. Todd Barry is overrated. Where does a kitty learn that word? It's incomprehensible. Supposed to brush my cats teeth. I was sprung on recently by that. You got to start brushing your teeth. I was like, OK, I wouldn't have gotten the cat. Just saying how I know and I wouldn't have considered it for one second. That's too late. I love her. So I went on YouTube looking for tutorials. How to brush your cats teeth. Thought there might be one or two. There's thousands of them. All the same, none of them are helpful. They're all like, here's how you brush your cats teeth. First start out with the world's most relaxed cat. You got that? No, I don't got that. Shockingly, I do not have that. Placer carefully on this table specifically designed to examine animals. You can get one at your local veterinary supplies store for $6,000. I'll take the toothbrush and toothpaste out. Watch what happens. Oh my god, she took it from my hand. She's taking the cat off the toothpaste. She's brushing her own teeth. Where'd you get a water pick, baby? She snuck off the target and bought a water pick. Supposed to schedule play time with the cat. I don't know. I don't want to play with my cat. I want a shark tank with my cat. We'll call that playing. Come here, baby. Sit in my lap. We're going to play. That's good. $500,000 for 2% equity. Rang! Yeah, that's bullshit. Rang, yeah, it's bad valuation, baby. Rang, yeah, they better have some cells. The apartment I live in charges me $50 a month because of a cat. It's like a little spiteful pet pee they have. Remember being in the leasing office, sign a lease. Guys like, so it's just you and the apartment? Yeah, it just made my cat. Also, it's not just you and the park. There's also something this big living there. Yeah, she's the size of my toaster. You have a toaster? You got to come clean with me, my man. I have a couple of spoons also. Okay, we're going to go 50 to the cat, 30 for the toaster. Eight bucks each for the spoons. I can make that joke last 19 hours if I want to do it. Think of all the objects I didn't mention. They have cat cafes now. Coffee shops with cats roaming around in them. They're great. I want to want a new Orleans. The only thing better going to cat cafe going to a cat cafe alone. The only thing better going to a cat cafe alone showing up and being the only customer at the cat cafe. It's just me in 150 cats. I was just walking around like I was the king. Tell me about the gray one. Seems a bit moody for a domestic short hair. Why is the tabby not playing with a ragamuff and they should be friends? Let's try a coffee. Mmm, delicious. Coffee always tastes best when you drink in your seven litter boxes. That's a lot of cat jokes, huh? Let's change the subject, shall we? That's my cat. That's a little perch that's suction cup to the window. Sometimes the suction cup comes down and I don't fix it for a while. Her name is Michaeline. She's a foreign correspondent for Al Jazeera. Close up with a face. Here, let me show you. That's her face. I hope you can't tell where I live based on that. Now you're saying Todd, how do we know that's really your cat? Boom. Same cat as you just looked at. That's me. Happy miserable. Happy miserable. Oh, that's me and Slash. That's Slash. That's me. That's Slash. Slash came to my show in London, came straight from the airport. Hi, friends. I've known 20 years who asked to be on my guest list and don't show up. Slash is like, we're going to clear customs and head right over. Oh, man. I can't show this one in New York because people get mad. I'm a washer and dryer. I'm a celebrity, of course I do. Oh, that is the front right side of my couch. It's a fancy couch that's got exposed wood. Not sure what that is, probably a million dollar contract or something. That's the rear right of my couch. She's got more work to do on that one. Oh, that's me with Lars from Metallica. That's me. That's Lars. Me, Lars. Can't invite you to my show in Northern California. Look how happy he is. Here, you know what? You saw that guy walking down the street with that smile. Did you just go to a Todd Berish? Oh, that's the front left of my couch. Someone came up to me after a show where he's like, you know, you should get scratching posts. I didn't know about scratching posts. You mean they have special posts? Oh, my God. I have 13 scratching posts. That's the rear left of my couch. That's a speaker that fell over six months ago. In order to fix that, I'd have to lean down and put it back up, right? Oh, that's me and Charlize Theran. This is me giving a masterclass in how to play it cool. Thank you very much, folks. Have a good evening. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Look at this. Look at the jazz. All right. Thank you very much. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Thank you.
I love swearing, I've always quite, you aren't sorry what was that? I missed a bit of chat. Hi. It's not the telly if you talk I can hear. Now you're looking pissed off, you're thinking I didn't press the red button, it's gone all interactive. What were you saying? Go on, say. You thought you... You just said I thought you were talking about Snake Bite the drink. Yeah, what happened was... Okay, in a joke, a joke is like two stories, yeah? And the first story makes you make an assumption about something. So the assumption people made about Snake Bite in that joke was that it was a snake biting you. That's the setup of the joke. So you may be a assumption you're talking about a snake bite, a snake biting someone. In the second part of the joke, often known as the punchline, what you'll find is that rug will be whipped from under you and you'll realise the assumption you made was erroneous. Suddenly revealing a fact that was previously concealed is the nature of all one-liders, batom. So in essence, I was talking about both the snake bites, the thing that happens when a snake bites you, and also the drink. No problem at all, it's lovely to help. Actually, it's nice to have you here this evening because I think one of the charity gigs I did help pay for the minibus that brought you here. Nice to see that money wasn't wasted. Oh, bless a little half. Why are you making of the rest of the show? Are you just enjoying the spangly things? I tell you what's embarrassing, getting your cock stuck in the flies of another man's trousers. Could you move around a bit? I think you're encouraging the others. What's your name, man? Am I better ask? Gemma, hello Gemma. Is there any chance you could just pop the Chinese love balls out for a minute? You seem to be teetering on the edge of orgasm at all times. I've seen it in films, I know. What do you do Gemma? I don't have a cheerleading coach. You're a cheerleading coach. The easiest job in the world. I think if I'm not mistaken there's a new name for cheerleading coach though, isn't there? Don't we call it grooming now? So who do they cheerlead for? Um, well, have a squad call the fury gem? You have a squad call the what? The fury gem. The fury gem? Is that a term for menstruation? Sorry. There's a cheerleading squad called the fury gem. You're right, love now, I've got the fury gem. And you teach people to cheerlead? Yes, like stunting, like don't love me. These are grown adults. No, I've got, um, 20, 80s, 10 to 16. 10 to 16? Yeah. And you get them to... Well, it's not that I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. And you get them to... Well, it's not just a compound and sharing a bottle. I'm pretty sure it is. I'm no expert. I know there's a lot of sharing. There's more sharing than you would imagine. Has anyone else got any cheerleading DVDs? I'm something of a connoisseur. I have a collection. And mainly they like to get sudsie. Let's move this along. But lovely to meet you with your hilarious laugh. It's infectious. I like it. Thanks very much for coming. Thanks. And thanks very much for cheerlead. And thank you for helping our young people go. It's valuable work you do. I like it when ladies get tattoos. Have any ladies in here got tattoos? What have you got? A vent. A what? A vent. A vent. I think that may be the crudest term I've ever heard for a vagina. I've got a vent. Well, if you're particularly gassy, I suppose. Whereabouts is this vent? On your arm. On your arm. You've got a vent. You have, by all accounts, got some sort of vent. Fucking go-girl. Nothing says feminine like air conditioning equipment. Nothing says I'm hot like I need a fucking vent. That's how hot I fucking am. Does anyone got one on the small of their back? What have you got? Football symbol. A football symbol. What, sorry? Yes, I was. Oh, look. A football symbol. What is it? Gaelic football. It's Gaelic football. Yes. I wish football. Right, no, I know what Gaelic football is. How come you've got that there? Did you do the whole team and you've got a bonus? Is that, I don't know. It's just, it's always struck me. It's a lovely place to get a tattoo because it's discreet. When you ask a lot of ladies why they get a tattoo, they say, I've got one there because it's just for me and my partner. Or partners. But my question is, if he's looking at that, he's already having a good time. The last thing he needs is more visual stimulus. What you've basically got on your lower back is a target. Having said that, I really liked tattoos there, so I'm trying to convince my girlfriend to get one. I wanted to either get, if you can read this, you're fucking me. Or now wash your hands. I'd like to get a tattoo. I'm thinking about getting one just there, just across there. Just above the speedo, just above the banana hammock. Saying caution choking hazard. Age is 16 and up. Make and tame nuts. Are you all drinking this evening, ladies and gentlemen? Are you drinking? Quite a few. I like drinking. I prefer being drunk than getting drunk. I'm not very keen on beer and wine, but I like the interesting things you order when you're drunk. The drinks that no one ever order sober. Aftershock is a prime example. You know that weird pink fluid. No one's ever ordered that. So the designated driver has never walked into a bar. I'm thought, well, I can have one drink, can't I? They've got beer, they've got wine, they've got spirits. No. I'll have a pipette of aftershock, please. The same with the flaming zambuka, no one's ever ordered one of those sober. You have. You've ordered a flaming zambuka sober. It's your drink. You order flaming zambokas. The clue as to what you shouldn't order one, madam. He's the fact it's on fire. It's the equivalent of walking into a kitchen going on a bit first, eh? As a glass and a tap. And then spying out the corner of your eye, a gas hob. The only reason I could possibly think of to order a flaming zambuka when sober is if you meet a girl and she's something just a little bit special. Yeah. Maybe you've been out on tour three days. You've established she's beautiful, she's intelligent, she's funny. You think you might be in love with her. She might be the one, but she's got a bit of a problem with facial hair on the top lip. That can be an awkward thing to bring up. Much better, I think. Take her out for a drink. Two flaming zambokas, please. No, no, no, they're both for you. You know, are you drinking flaming zambokas as well? Whereabouts in front? Oh, of course, sorry, I'm sorry. I'm terribly sorry, I was just asking kind of a London audience to you drink flaming zambokas when sober. If I'd thought there were people in from Newcastle, I would have said what do you like to drink to get you in the mood for a fight? So what you down here on the marble, what are you up to? So we sent you an email saying if you wanted to go out for drinks in Newcastle, we'd show you the best sites. The best sites in Newcastle? I imagine the one where you go. Size isn't important, it's what you do with it. Would you agree with that, ladies? No, no, no. There's a lady over there that likes a big cock and she doesn't care who knows it. Sorry, it's quite possible you just whispered that and they picked up an echo. I've just always thought that such a f***ing-hearted expression. Size isn't important, it's what you do with it. Well, I was planning to pop it in your mouth and you've a giant of how's that? Is that going to be a total waste of time? I'm not my own mum thought I was gay. When I was 19, my mum was convinced I was gay. It's very difficult to convince your mum you're not gay. So we got a camp called where I was fucked. But I'm what's referred to as a gay-friendly act. You know? I'm a gay-friendly act. I was asked last November to judge Mr. Gay UK. I said it would be my pleasure, he's against nature and against God and he's going to hell. I think it's okay to tell that, Joe, because it's almost impossible to offend a homosexual man. You know, because let's face it, they're doing that for fun. If your idea of a good time is a cock and you're asked, what do you care? We've all thought about gay-sex, haven't we? You've thought about gay-sex, haven't you, sir? No. You haven't thought about gay-sex. You haven't thought about gay-sex. You just let him there and fucked him. Well, I'm, I honestly, sir, you're bravery. I thought about gay-sex, I thought, oh, my cock will get covered in poo. You're sniggering. What's your name? Long Vady, who? Move along. What are you saying, Vicky? Dance for me monkey boy. Is he your fella? What do you mean? Is either your fella or he isn't? Is he, is he your fella? Yeah. Sorry, she's saying yes. And you're saying no and you're just look, you've gone really red and you look really embarrassed. They're fuck buddies. Oh! I see what, how very molten. How very 2005, so you're not going out with each other but you are fuck buddies. That is fantastic. Can we just all take a moment to congratulate that man there? He's a lot of work has gone into that. A lot of work has gone into that. He's had to buy a cosmopolitan for a couple of years. Sorry? And they'll know that you were dead with a little hussey. The great thing about that is that he's convinced you that yeah, we don't need a relationship. It's so, it's so old fashioned. I should be able to sleep with whoever I want to sleep with. And so should you as long as it's just me when I say. Yeah, there'll be a lot of jokes. It's not every day I get to talk to a slag. Come on. Now... I don't know where the mark is until I overstepped it. That's mine. You just did. That is juvenile. That, sorry, for those of you that didn't see that, it'll be on the DVD. Available at all good car boots. Vicki's response to that. Yeah, she's been called a slag at a show. That's not good in anyone's book and I apologise for that unreservedly. But did you really need to do that? God bless you. Let's do some improv, ladies and gentlemen. All I need is suggestions from you. Right, I need a historical figure. Nelson. Oliver Crocknotti. Yeah, very much a mixed ability group this evening. Oliver Cromwell, Noddy. Mother Teresa. God bless her. Mother Teresa, amazing woman. Wasn't she very generous with her time? And all the hope you do look at her and think, yeah, a little bit of moisturiser wouldn't have fucking killed you. So I'm all for helping the poor, but just oil of Ula, take the edge off that. Fuck me, it's like a saddlebag. She looks like my balls. I'm joking, my balls are in significantly better care than Mother Teresa's face. I friend of mine quite recently, a couple of months ago, got proper old school flashed. Guy in a Mac at Darsk in a park, one of those. Sorry, I've added that. I don't... I don't know if you did that. You would though, wouldn't you give it a bit of cockslapp? You probably treat it to the windmill, wouldn't you? Who you own? Anyway, she got proper old school flashed and she shouted, rape. I thought, don't give it my ideas. Don't workshop with your fucking lunatic. Has anyone in here been flashed? Go on, what happened, Madam Teresa? Funny story or is it distressing? In a club. In a club and someone flashed you in the club. Are you sure you didn't go off with a man in a club? I was kissing him, I don't... I ended his hip and then he flashed me. Go on, what happened? Tell me the story. Middle of the dance floor and he was throwing some shapes. And one of his was... So to get rid of the guy, your friend told him you were lesbians. That's how these two started, but then... They liked it, so they stuck with it. Did that work? She said we don't like cock. So someone flat, someone got his cock at in the middle of the dance floor in a club. And you went, oh no, sorry, we're lesbians. You could've just told him to fuck off, you're incredibly polite. I'll make up an excuse so he doesn't feel bad. I don't want the flash to feel rejected. How nice are you? Any other ultimate sexual fancies? A Viking helmet. A Viking helmet? What have you got to vaginas? I don't know if anyone's got this. There are lots of couples in this evening. How many couples do we have? By show of hands. How many do we have by shouting out? Hundreds, brilliant. Does anyone have this arrangement in their relationship? It's becoming ever more common now for couples to have an arrangement whereby they're totally faithful to each other. But they've got to clause whereby if one of them was to meet a certain celebrity, they would be allowed to stray. Has anyone got that going on in their relationship? Who have you gone? You. I noticed that you're sitting next to a lady. You're going to do what when you go home? She's going to kill you? Right. Or strapped on the fuck you certainly. You want all the other? Anyone else got one? You've got one. Who have you got? Jim Carey. All right. He might be up for it. I do his boyfriend got? Anything I'm not bothers? What? Sorry? Anything good looking? What bit of a change? Yeah, lovely. Only about British men's ultimate sexual fantasy. And it surprised me, the result of it surprised me. It was a proper server. They asked 3000 men their opinion. I'd like to do a little straw poll in here this evening because the result of this, I was shocked. Ultimate sexual fantasy is anyone got one they wouldn't mind admitting to. Jessica Arba. Jessica Arba, it's a specific person that you would like to bone. Well, I happen to know Jessica Arba does an awful lot of work for charity. And any other ultimate sexual fantasy? No, I'm right. My girlfriend. Well, maybe we're good double teamer. My girlfriend is your ultimate sexual fantasy. Yes, people see my girlfriend and they see me and they say she's only going out with you because you're famous. And I say, I am famous. What's your point? Is that your girlfriend? That's your girlfriend? I'm not going to swap if that's OK. Can I just clarify, you are a beautiful lady, no disrespect to you. Where he heckled, I had to put him down. And the only way to get to him was through you. I like the way as well. I suggest your girlfriend wasn't good looking up and you applauded. Yeah, you'll be using those hands later on when you. I tell you why there's no women's boxing the way in. The fight would happen then and there. Have you all seen the new male Gibson film? The Passion of the Christ. It's upset and awful lot of Christians. They're up in arms about it. He's made a film about the life of Christ. But he's tacked on this silly Hollywood ending where the hero comes back at the end. Does she love the little baby Jesus? Does she love the little baby Jesus or not? Is it a wee or a pooh? Should we time her? So, is a bit embarrassing, isn't it? You know that disclaimer they put at the end of films. You know the one that says the characters in the events in this film are purely fictitious. Any alleged of real characters in events is purely coincidental. Do they really need that on Lord of the Rings? Is anyone watching that thinking this is a brilliant documentary? I might think about going to New Zealand on my holidays. But wait, no, I don't want it ruined by Sarah Mann, he's all calming. Your hair. What, I'm just saying. I like a spy skills as much as the next man. It's a nose. I can't help noticing that you've got a tattoo on your... What's your boob, isn't it? Really? It sort of draws the eye. What is that, exactly? It's a rose. As if boobs aren't fun enough as they are. She's thought, I'll brighten these things up. No fellers going to like these. What are guys like? They're like flowers, don't they? Yeah, I'll get a picture of a flower. Did you not think what do you like? What kind of thing? You look like sort of bloated like cars and guns and tanks. Get a nice tattoo of a tank on your tip. Lovely. He could be, you know, and going all, is that a Sherman? Because flower is, unless he's secretly gay, and I'll be honest, there's a lot of earrings and spiky hair. Good, fine. Did you think that she got bladder problems? Maybe some sort of yeast infection, I'm not. We'll ask her when she comes back. I just hope she hasn't got any vaginal defects. It's a lovely word, though, isn't it, vaginal? Oh, clearly not. Right, let's try some root stuff, see what we get along. Lady Wind. Quee thing. Fanny Farts. The expulsion of air from the Vajay J during sexual intercourse. A f***ing grunt. There are two main responses when a queefe occurs. Some couples, it doesn't matter how gnarly or squalchy the noise. They deny the queefe. Do you do anything? No, I didn't hear anything. And they move on. Some couples, it's a funny little noise, they have a little giggle, they move on. Not a problem. I like to go a third way. I like to pretend the vagina is talking to me. What's that? There's a boy trapped down a well. I like to think of myself as the vagina whisperer. What happened? Do you get in the phone call? Is it a scotch lady getting a phone call? I imagine the drugs are arriving any moment. All right. You switched it off and it rang anyway. Well, I'm not buying that f***ing story. Don't worry, it's okay. It's only a phone. Don't feel bad. It's a late alarm to come and see me. Or come and see me in our f***ing late. You're not the one I booked for the intervalier. Do you not the most common crime is in Wales? No. Hang on, I've got to ask someone about her fufu. It's a long time for a pee, you're all right. You're fine. You're sure? Is that better? Bless you. Sorry, I'm just talking to your friend about being from Wales. Do you know the most common crime is in Wales? Have a guess. Well, guess. Cheap shagging. Well, that's rather insulting, isn't it? And to add insult to injury, you're wrong. It's not cheap shagging. It's actually ram-raiding. LAUGHTER The second most common crime is having sex with a minor. If anyone's offended, just look for the other meaning. You'll be fine. A very common male fan has to have two women at the same time. Want to cook, want to clean? Easy there, I'm joking. They want to f*** them. My girlfriend wants a diamond ring. And the only reason I know that is, it's pretty much all she f***ing talks about. Let's face facts. Anywhere my girlfriend's getting a diamond ring is if the vajazzler slips. I don't really understand the vajazzle. I mean, I know what a vajazzle is. I know what it is. They whip away all the hair from your fufu and then they de-montae it. I say, there, I imagine you get some pretty sick and glitter and have a crack yourself. Have a sparkly crack yourself. You're welcome. I just don't know who that's for. I've never met a man who said to me, ah, I love the gyners. But I wish they'd been more juggie. If you more sparkles wouldn't go, I miss. I want a glamour plus. A showbiz entrance. Has anyone had a vajazzle? She had, what motif did you go for, Madam? You had a heart because you were embarrassed to ask for... You were embarrassed to ask for something spectacular. You were all in with someone putting glitter on your family, but you were... I don't know how to ask for anything embarrassing. How adorable. And was it for a special occasion or was it just... No, I just thought, why not? You thought, why not? Or, apparently, a fucking reason's basic hygiene. Your boyfriend could chip a tooth. And it was definitely a problem of the jazzle, not a Liverpool vajazzle, which is just a euphemism for herpes. I didn't always use to do this for a living. I used to work for an oil company. It was the same sort of thing, it's telling lies to strangers. That was a bit more awkward. That was much more... Yeah, don't worry about Nigeria. That'll be fine. When I did used to work for a living, I was always very jealous of the women that I worked with because women have the best excuse for a day off sick. I love a day off sick. Marvelous. Do they very nice and come think? And women have the best excuse. The best excuse as we all know is women's problems. And the reason women's problems is the best excuse is because women's problems is the end of a conversation. Why didn't you come in yesterday? Women's problems. I like to think if I was the boss, things would be slightly different. Women's problems? Tits all funny. Which is it, maybe I could have a look. What's your name, Madam? What's your name? Any? It's not the telly. I can see you. What's your name? Camilla. Camilla, what do you do, Camilla? It depends on the guy. I'm only messing about... ...just you look all dressed up for this sort of show. This kind of filth. Maybe he told you we're going to go and see a theatre show in the West End of London, you want fucking brilliant. You probably didn't even say fucking. You probably won't. Marvelous. The West End of London, a theatre show. This will be a bit of class, say he's finally... ...and then you... this and you're going for a fucksack. You thought they're taking a, how do you two know each other? That's your mum. Well, you don't even look like... You look as if you could be sisters. You don't look young, she looks fucking old. You're going to stop going. You're going to stop going. I can't help myself with some sort of... I love the fact you've just turned around to go, Gershie. I've got a question for the ladies. All women I know have got a very clear line. On one side of the line, things they're happy, confident, comfortable and enjoy doing sexually... ...with a loving partner on the other side of the line. Things they've been asked to do that they've said, no. What I would like to know, ladies, is what have you been asked to do that you've said, no. I don't mean like reverse park or wash-up. Where do you draw the line? Is really my mask. And what have you been asked to do that you said, no. You look confused. Did you not realise you could turn shit down? You're just hearing how. You draw the line at Ainal. What, sorry? Yeah, totally. But, but on his birthday, yeah? Man up, lady. That's where you draw the line. Okay, any advance on that, any other weirder things? A threesome. What kind of threesome was it, madam? Was it two guys and you or a prop one? Got one, what kind of threesome was it? Two women? I think, see, I think that. On the surface, that sounds misogynistic, doesn't it? It's out of his gun. I need two women to satisfy me because I'm such a man. I don't think that's what it's about. I think he was thinking of you. He was thinking, wouldn't it be lovely if after love-making, she had someone to talk to? Thinking of you? I'm obviously not. I'm going to take a photo of you, lady, for the last time to forget you. You know, it's a big deal for me, recording a DVD. I thought I'd take a little photo. Yeah, go on, wants. She likes you watching her pee. So, sorry. That is a question I get asked that every show. It's weird that you would ask that. So, because she likes a lot of people to watch her pee. Is that your thing? You like people to watch you pee? Well, clearly, yes. He didn't say that for no reason, did he? Do you remember earlier when you said he was a pido for making you dress up as a schoolgirl? I think it might be payback time. But surely you could just dress her as a schoolgirl and have a deal with her, right? That's fine. That plays into your whole pido fantasy. Everyone's happy. Apart from anyone with any sort of sense of taste and decency. We're frankly horrified by you, too. What's your name, sir? Sam, I said, what, sorry? Southwell. Yeah, definitely, I need a surname for this. I'm not in charge of the register. Don't worry about that. So, what is it about being watched pee that you enjoy? Well, just tell us. We're all interested in it. What do you do? So, what is it like? We're in class of war. We'll find out. I was just saying, if you live with someone, you should be uncomfortable enough and it's anything relevant. Yeah! I'm all for that matter, yes. Once you've been with someone, there's a level of intimacy that suggests that you would be able to pee in front of them or maybe shoot them in their chest. But some people aren't like us, baby. Some people don't think in the way. They're closed, mind it. They've got a sense of, I don't know, appropriate occasion. It's alright, we're not taping this, but oh no, we are. Lovely golden showers. Interesting little fact for you, obsessive Star Trek fans are known as... Virgins. Sorry. Are you a big Star Trek fan? How old are you? Do you mind me asking? You seem like... What, sorry? Twenty. Right. So definitely not a virgin in Glasgow. What, what do you do for a living? You're a secretary. Nice. Is it 1950 already? What? Alright, you seem a bit chippy. Oh, it is Glasgow, sorry. I'd love to chat more, but I'm at work. Yeah, this will cheer you up. Oh, and you've gone for that, nice. What a lady. There's something I don't understand about a woman's jeep spot. I can't quite put my finger on it. I can drive a woman... Well done. That's it, home there, has it? Touched a nerve, so to speak. No, very apt. I can drive a woman wild with my tongue. Would you like me to demonstrate? Pay attention to all the actions happening here, young man. Drive a woman wild with your tongue. Have you palm-weight? Eight-and-all sex is overrated, it's fucking shit. Can't help it's like buggery. I tried it with my girlfriend, she was bored to tears. Is everyone that's going to get it? Let's move along. We've been together now for 12 years, me and my girlfriend. So to keep things fresh in the bedroom, we do a little bit of role play. She pretends to be a nurse, and I pretend I'm still attracted to her. That's divided the room, is it? There's people that thought that was funny, and then there are unattractive women. Some girls like to have the lights off for sex to happen. They're like, all the lights to be out before they have sex. And they've got a name. They're called fuckily mantas. I've never had a complaint about that joke. I've never had a woman come up to me after the show. Excuse me, I'm a fuckily mantar. How do you think I feel? Hungry? I think the next thing for me career-wise, ladies and gentlemen, when we're doing some sort of interview show where I talk to people, you know, this kind of set up. Couple of chairs, you face off against each other. Parkinson, Jonathan Ross Graham, those kind of shows. That'd be great to get, but you can't just start doing that on TV, like day one, that'd be tricky. So what I thought we'd do on this tour is practice. Get someone out of the audience every night with an interesting job or a claim to fame, an interview them, and get a bit of practice with the interviewing. So to that end, does anyone have an interesting job or a claim to fame? Oh, go at your hands, go on straight up. What do you do? You were on TV in Poland. I will take that to mean you work in the adult film business. So you've been on Polish TV, okay, well that is a claim to fame well done, you? And, and Polish radio? Well, finally. That's fucking sealed the deal. Blumkey. What's up, what's up, Blumkey? I think, if I'm not mistaken, she just said, it's when you give a gun a blowjob while he's having a shit. I mean, I'm sorry Madam, a guy asked you to do that. You know what though? I admire that guy. Because that's what made this country great. That's what made civilization great. Daring to dream. There's an optimistic man. Oh, I'm having a shit. I've had loads of shit. It's pretty boring. What about this whole area's free? It's all going on back here. Ah, at what point in the relationship did he ask for that? The ins. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Not a bad way to end a relationship. Things aren't going well, you're not getting on. I'll see if she'll suck me off while I'm having a shit. Because if she says yes, I think she loves you. Does anyone have any questions this evening? Anything you'd like to know? Yes. If you, if I wasn't a comedian, if I couldn't be a comedian, many people would say I can't be. There is a school of thought that says, what the fuck is he doing? But, going, if I couldn't be a comedian, at the same as you, I would dress up as Amalie. And wonder the streets looking for adventure. It's a good look. I'm loving that. But what do you do? You were a student. Where are you studying in London? Canterbury. Oh, never mind. Maybe if you'd worked a little bit harder for your A-levels. Canterbury, you say Canterbury, but why here is clearing? Yeah, there's no shame in that. That's fine. Any other thoughts? Oh, gone. You've got one. What's the best thing? The time we fucked. Any other interesting jumps? What's your name? Caroline. Caroline, what do you do, Caroline? You work in TV. What do you do in TV? You work in Watery? You work on Holby City. Well done, I love it. I love what you've done with Holby City. I think the fucking genius move with Holby City recently was casting Hugh Laurie and changing the location to America. I've done you. Any other claims to fame in the room and any other exciting? You're a what? You're a paleontologist in Birmingham. In case any dinosaurs, is dinosaur bones, yes? Yes. And you look at those. Not just dinosaurs. What have you got another part time job in Asda? What else do you look at? Different fossils. Wow. I'm sure that's a brilliant, wonderful scientific thing to do. But I did a project on dinosaurs when I was six and I loved it. I was very excited and I did lots of pictures and I stuck them in and I did a whole project on dinosaurs and I loved them. And then what I did, and this is an interesting note to you, I grew up. I do. I'm still doing my dinosaur book. I like it. What's it? I'll indulge you. What's your favourite dinosaur? A Velociraptor. Because of Jurassic Park. Oh, you might as well have said Barney. Oh, up. Be the thing if I was going to. Or right. Or right. The other phrase that seems to come up a lot in Birmingham is, it's fucking shit here. Or right. It's fucking shit here. Any other phrases for Birmingham or another? What was that? That was just all vowels. What was it? A Yawal, right? A Yawal. Have you had a stroke? I said I shouldn't really joke about strokes if I ever stroke. I'll be laughing out on the other side of me face. I've got a question for you ladies and gentlemen. Does anyone in this room believe in the supernatural? Ghosts and spirits and the like? Quite a lot of you. It's actually easy to tell if your house is haunted. It isn't. Grow up. It's actually being cynical. But that's this job being a stand-up comedian and I think makes you a bit of a cynic. Has anyone in here actually seen a ghost? Well come on, what did you see, man? Tell us the story. There was no one there. Cool, what did you see? I'm not, I make you nervous. You've seen the undead. And I make you nervous. Doesn't really show me in a good light. I said, come on. Where were you when you saw the apparition? You were in a friend's house. Right. Her stepfather was want to. I think I may have cracked this case already. There's a stepfather involved. Was there ectoplasm? What happened? Were you upstairs? You read his son's bedroom. Of course you were, love. Go on. He had died. You should have mentioned that sooner. And then you started seeing weird shit. I'm loving this. There's a special name for people that have seen ghosts. I'm just a friend of it. All the best with your future. Quite an in-depth story. I'll leave it at that stepfather did something terrible. I used recoded that memory. Hi, I'm Jimmy Carr. The guy you just saw in that video. Thanks for watching it. Because somehow I get money from that. I don't know how. Probably it filters through some sort of advert that you watched before you watched the video. Anyway, thanks for watching it. And somehow that benefits me. And hopefully I'll see you at a live show at some point further down the sunny road. Good luck.
How many clubs are closed but I still want to do stand up. I think we just got to get people's roofs, get a mic and amp. That's all we need. Hammer crew, you, Dom, a few other people. We shoot it. We cut it up. That's the special. Good. You can tell this is a big election by the celebrities who are telling you to vote. It's people who are not used to hearing from. I'm seeing tweets like register now and I'm like, Charlie Sheen. This is bad. Did you see the one with the celebrities role naked telling you to vote? How are they going to up the ante in 2024? I'm Stanley Tucci and I'm jerking off on FaceTime to remind you of the importance of this year's election. There's two people fighting for free speech right now. It's comedians and racist. Isn't that weird? I didn't think we would be joining forces on a mission. It's just weird to see skinheads saying things like, we need to protect the first amendment. I'm like, I guess I stand with the area nation. It's racist like the first amendment because you could say racist shit and you get away with it though, you know. Racism is free speech so I like a tomato is a fruit. Technically but if you put it in a fruit salad, it is going to fuck up the rest of the fruit. That's an issue. I guess it depends who's saying it. I've had friends who might call me Jew face and I'm like, yeah, whatever. And then the people I don't know that will call me buddy and I'm like, I do not care for that. That was annoying. Everyone thinks they're free speech at stake. It's not. You can say a lot. I got a death threat recently. I just said I want to kill you and I ended up having to show it to a cop and the cop goes, he said he wants to kill you not that he's going to. I was like, yeah, but that's an annoying loophole. He got to give me that. God says, I'm going to do that to me. I kick his fucking ass. I was like, cool, so they're going to do nothing. They call me a pussy. That's fine. Serving protect officer. Serving protect. Feels like we're doomed. I mean, there's a god. Don't you feel like God is up in the sky right now. Flat screen TV. Every country is a different channel. I feel like America. We're like the Bravo of God's cable package. We're like, look, it's entertaining. But these people are fucking trash. God watches six, right hours of America. Like, oh, I hate myself. I've got to start reading again. Growing up now must be the worst. Kids just beat the shit out of you and they emotionally fuck with you on the internet. Cyber bullying feels right. Like, when I was a kid, it was AOL or instant messenger. Not so bad. You had to make sure your parents weren't on the phone to cyber bully, you know? You had to be like, mom, get off with grandma. I'm trying to ruin lives, okay? Shit. It was a bigger deal. Cyber bullying now. I hate when older people are like, I used to get the shit kicked out of me. Log off. I'm like, all right, first off, it's hard to log off. It's very addictive. And second off, you know, who wouldn't rather be assaulted than psychologically torment it? What would you rather get a wedgie or catfished? A black eye will heal. You know what won't is taking a greyhound to Syracuse and being like, I thought you'd be a woman. This sucks. This is the worth 13th birthday ever. That joke got sadder and sadder. You're the roommates? Oh, hell yeah, this dude came straight out of Woodstock. I like this guy. He's like, look, I had to stop at a festival. Yeah, I love that, man. What do you do for work, man? I'm a designer. I just not a fucking, of course. Only designer would have the balls to pull this off and be like, you know what? It's working. I'm a designer. I work for Cosmo. Oh, hell yeah. Cosmo. To give it women bad advice for decades. Cosmo. Ladies, this is what he really wants. Silence. I've never seen that article. I've never seen a Cosmo article. Give him peace for one day and everything will be great. Are all you guys in finance? No, what do you do? Real estate. All right. And your mom's in real estate, too? His mom? All right. What do you do? I work at Amazon. Fuck, part of the problem. But I do. Hey, wait. Unless we sell this to Amazon, in which case, very good people. And I'm going to handle this like Trump. Hey, they could be great people. We don't know. We don't know how they feel about me. You have to invite more people than you want here because people just bail. These aren't Hamilton tickets. This is a rooftop comedy show. They're just like, oh, yeah, I don't need to go to that. So I threw a hey, mass text. Anyone want to give me the roof tonight? Someone just said, I can't make it tonight. I've got COVID. The honor code, baby. Yeah. I don't go to Paul V with messing up Puerto Rico. Yeah. You say, Hunter? Sure, yeah. What's up? You go, Paul V. Yeah. Hey, Paul V. What's up? Hi. What? It's Sam. Oh, my God. It's Sam. Oh, my God. How are you? I found out about you during quarantine. And you got me through quarantine. Oh, thank you. I've been going to meet you. Oh, my God. This is so cool. You got you through quarantine. You're meeting me. I met Jack Daniels. I've been drinking on meds. I recommend it. You ever do this Google search? How much you could drink on the meds you're on? That's a... I just go with the article that matches how much I feel like... like drinking. I'm like, according to the medical journal of Guadalajara. I can have as much as I want. This is awesome. And it's outdoor drinking. Now, this started a spring break. It very quickly became end of the world vibes. But either way, cheers. You know? I was drinking on the street in this neighborhood. I was having a drink on the sidewalk. And this waitress comes up to me. You can't hear a word they're saying because this is Manhattan. So she didn't even ask. She just does this. Oh, my dam. Small businesses are getting crushed. This sucks. Now, you feel the divide when you go on the road. I love going to different parts of the country. It's one of my favorite things about America is going to Kentucky. You play that never would have gone, probably. I went to the racetrack in Kentucky, which is amazing. I was a worst-dressed person there. I was the only one who didn't look like a villain in Django on chain. But I walked to the racetrack. All the horses have ridiculous names. There's always one that's a little too crazy. There'll be like in third place, Moonlit Garden. In second place, Autumn Nights. And in first place, Touchy Uncle. I'm like, what was that? Was that last one? Touchy Uncle. They're like the champ. I like this out, man. They still do Civil Warry enactments, which is kind of weird. They're very hung up on that L. They don't want to talk about it. That's weird. They do that. I asked a guy, why do they still do Civil Warry enactments? He said, well, it gives them a connection. They're ancestors. That's not true. Because you would never recreate a fight that you lost. But you'd never be like, honey, remember that time I was wrong? And fight some friends over. Let's run it back. That would be awesome. You ever date someone and you're both in therapy? The fights take 10 hours. Every argument is like, I hear you. And I appreciate where you're coming from. However, he's like, oh, that was my whole day. I heard a guy in Times Square the other day said it was girlfriend shut up, bitch. And I was like, that is not okay. But he is crushing me in time management. You know what women hate when you're arguing they hate when you tell them to calm down? So now when she yells at me, I say, love your energy. Love what you're doing. A little more. I'm annoying. I repeat myself. I said I was like, man, I love this Thai restaurant. She was, you've told me that three times. And I said, you're the only person that I hang out with anymore. You want to spend all your time with me? There's going to be reruns. I can't bring it every night. That's what a relationship is. It's like a TV show where the writing gets progressively worse. Because season one, you're like, this is good. Season three comes along. You're like, we should kill off a character. We got to keep people engaged here. I was on the phone with my friend the other day. You ever just not listen to the new guests at the end? My friend said, I don't know what to do about her. And I was like, I think you should fuck her. And he was like, my mom. I was not present for all of that conversation. And I threw a Hail Mary. I'm not a good partner. I can't date. I'm not. I don't listen. Women always shocked. You're a bad listener. But I speak for a living. You should have seen that comment. I bet most people are bad at the opposite of their job. I bet most terrorists or shitty architects. I bet Ben Laden was a bad city planner. Most audiences laugh at jokes. You guys are like, we are shocked. We are shocked in a palt. And then we laugh. No, man. This is going to be good. So I had a brick. What? The mic cut out? How for how long? Four seconds. Four seconds. Fuck. Just like how I have sex, guys. Four seconds. And then I'm like, oh, there we go. All right. Well, this is a good start. It's good when the mic doesn't work. It's good fucking juju. I only said juju because I see all the amicus. That's why it's why I said juju. Are we good now? Yeah. This will work for our mics not working montage and the special. This is happened before. You have to hold the mic like this to make sure it's like working the clitoris. There's a lot of finesse. All right. There we go. How are we now? Good? That's a little rough. Bobby, I don't know if this is... This is used to guitars. It's not used to a raspy juu voice. So, how about now? Don't mind the drone. I know you guys, when you see eyebrows like this in American drone, you don't have long. But I will say it's going to be okay. Breakups are painful, right? Because your friend speaks to you in cliches. My friend was like, oh, dude, it's like a death. I was like, is it? Well, my grandma died. None of my friends were like, thank God. Your grandma was the worst. I don't think actually she's going to make it. We always like that. She's a lovely woman. You guys are snuggled up. That's fucking... You got how long you guys been together? Must be not that long. Right? Because that's... Yeah? Two years? Wow! Good for you! Don't give them too much credit. Some of us are going through personal things right now. Where do you guys meet? Church? Oh my God. What the fuck? I guess that's good PR for church. You never hear about the adult relationships that come out of there. What? Sorry. One of my best friends is a Catholic guy. I give him a ton of shit about the pedophilia in the priesthood. And he gets so angry the other day he said to me, he goes, teachers fuck kids too. And I was like, I like that angle. Right? That's good. But I understand what he's saying. It's not a problem exclusive to the church, but he is making it sound like everyone does it, dude. Why don't you just back off? And I've seen pictures of some of these teachers. It is a different degree of my West Asian. We're talking top shelf versus bottom shelf. No? I'm losing you? I'm jerked off the teacher porn. I've never typed in hot horny cardinals. Yes. Oh yeah. Thank God for Hawaiian shirt guy. I was in trouble. I did really care in that joke. Some of you guys were like, we're not so sure. He's like, I'm all in on this one. I too have jerked off the teacher porn. Teacher porn, man. That is, what you go to when you're watching it? Do you have one? Yeah. Girl on guy. Very good. I got good news for you. The internet is loaded with that. Girl on guy. He's like, holy shit. This is, I am in luck. That's the best finish to have. It's tough after a breakup because I travel a lot. When you travel, you think of the person. Anything goes wrong on a plane. I'm like, shit, if anything happens, I know she knows I love her. What do you think of as a single guy in that scenario? If this thing goes down, I hope my friend Phil knows I only like him in small doses because he could be a lot. She's never at a one night stand I have. And she was scared I was going to cheat on her. I was scared she was going to fall in love with someone, which I think is way worse. She would send me text like, did anyone hit on you after the show? And I'd send her text like, hey, do you feel safe with anyone from work? That would not be okay with me. These coast people drink, west coast people smoke. Every time I say I'm going to have a drink, they always say, you should smoke weed instead. Instead, like at the similar experience, I drink to quiet the voices in my head. I smoke weed. It's like I had a party in here and only the worst people showed up. Every voice is like, you're weird looking. You're going to die alone. That's why alcohol is one voice and it's very positive. You have a few drinks and someone shows up in your head like, cool jacket. You don't have abs but you're right there, dude. Love it. I smell some weed. I'm not going to lie. I'm looking right at you guys just by, just by profiling. Like it's definitely coming from the band and the artist. Do I want some? Of course, but I'm trying to put a show on for you guys. And it's going to turn into a very weird show. If every other joke I'm like, why didn't you guys like that one? What was wrong with it? I was so drunk like about eight months ago. I was leaving my friend's house. I hail a cab or six in the morning. I'm stumbling. I hail a cab again. The car's the driver goes, look, Guardia. He's in the airport. And I'm wasted. So I just said, yes. He just drive me the airport as the sun is coming up. I've got no luggage. And then I finally sobered up a little. I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. JFK. It's a better heart. I got a shake, Jack. Let's go there. Wednesday. Are you putting it out? I'm trying to see if I got a Wednesday show. I don't fucking know. It's a problem. We got two-thirds day. Hey, Sam Rao here. You've got a roof for this Wednesday night. We will come. Cool friends, a mic, an amp. Nice view with help and some white claw. We'll be there. If you build it, we will come. Hit me up. Let's do like a full mile radius. I don't know if it works that way. Oh, we got some people. Yeah, but there's like 150 people right now. That's a lot of people to blast. I can't do that. First one attacks me. Hey, a rare man had in text. Private show. Private show, roof, starting in 20. Yeah. Is that real? Hey, my biological father, he lives in artist's house. Which is weird because he's not even an artist. And anyway. He always escape artists. I met my biological father very late in life. I had a great mom and dad who raised my mom. He was my biological mom. But then I met my biological dad late. And the term is legally adopted when he adopts you. Even if you're not in a fucking orphanage, they say legally adopted. Which is such a dumb term. What's, you could just say adopted. What's illegally adopted? Couldn't have it, right? Anyway, first time I met him though, I go to his apartment. And he's just, he's petting a little cat on the left. And I was like, huh. He's like, yeah, I rescued her from the side of the road. And I nursed her back to health. I was like, huh. So you did have it in you. I run into him at the rec center. And the most New York thing to run into him at the Y. I run it because he goes over physical therapy. I go there to swim lamps, you know. Which, you know, I know it doesn't look like it, but I do put work in this physique, unfortunately. I see him at the rec center and I was awkward. I said, hey, and he goes, hey. And I just panicked and I said, I'll be right back. And I just left. And I feel like on some level, he had to be like, well, play it. All done. New Yorkers have more fun energy, even the crazy people. At least you're entertained, you know. I was on the train, the other night late. This guy walks down. There's only a few people on the train just goes, y'all motherfuckers scared now. Just keeps looking at me, keeps going, y'all motherfuckers scared. And like the third time he said it, we're like, yes, we are scared. This is the right response. You were chemically imbalanced. And there's only two of us. I figured out, you know when the worst time to see a homeless person is, is right after you ate a bunch of sushi, that's the worst, right? Because they're like, I'm starving. I'm like, I know me too. This sucks. And I just spent 60 bucks, which is the bigger ripoff, Math or sashimi. Who knows? L.A. people, you eavesdrop and some of the conversations, you're like, I heard a woman in the grocery store, she goes, my phone is like my baby. And I was like, that's not true. Right, because phones get better every year. Babies have made little to no progress. I can go more than two minutes without looking at a baby. You know? Yeah, you never leave a phone on the stranger's doorstep. That would be insane. Yeah, if you saw a phone on your doorstep, you'd be like, oh my god, why? Someone lost it. Yeah, if you saw a baby on your doorstep, you'd be like, this was on purpose, right? It's all I'm saying. Phones are better, right? L.A. even though the way they talk, New York, there's like a togetherness. Even when you hate the people, you feel like a connection. Right? In L.A. they're just on their car all the time. In New York, you're like, you're right. We do use that excuse, you're like, I can talk to anyone in New York. I'm not really though, you're just good. You're like, 2 a.m. I can go to the bodega and just be like, how much for this pint of Ben and Jerry's? He's like 899, I'm like, you fucking piece of shit. But we're connected, you know? New Yorkers do, we do have like a way of talking, right? Where it's like, the ADD is so, it could come off as rude to a non-native, right? You're just walking down the street like, dude, you need to break up with that girl. Great diner, right there. You should go to that diner. I always load the strata. Dude, you need to get that abortion. Chinese one's special, right? Speaking of take-outs. That crowd was great. Very cool, I flumped the line here too, but they were forgiving, they were cool. They were little, I could tell, tens. So I couldn't really feel like I'd go into the crowd really, you know? You're a little more tense, you're not like, you can't really do crowd work, but I think that's cool. I mean, like, I'm down as a due material too. So, we'll fill it out, maybe the West Village will be a little more. We can improvise a little more there, but, you know, I'm down and just get the jokes too. And then the rest is crazy, right? So, I'm in the bodega, and this guy is like a crackhead who's giving the owner a ton of crap. And I was like, hey, is everything cool in the bodega owners? Like, oh, yeah, he's one of the good ones. He's one of the good crackheads. Is that saying no New York is back when the bodega owners and the crackheads are back like this? There's some potaco. No, was it? Oh, I am, I'm professional. Oh, well, you should probably click, because I was really not funny. Why was it not funny? Well, you were saying what the f- How is it offensive? I'm really interested in how it's offensive. I was talking about the togetherness and resilience of New York. I'm not trying to start shit here. Oh, thank you. I'm going to tell them. They were just like, wait, that's the comedian that they were talking about. Oh, really? I just over had a million comedies. She thinks I'm funny. No, he's great. I know a big group of them. How about wonderful and I would be great. Oh, no, you're not interrupting at all. You're great. You're making me feel better after that interaction. Hey, isn't that fun? You can f- and turn it around just like that. That's New York. Someone hates you. At one stop, they like you 10 feet later. I've never taken my shoes off to do comedy before. This is the- I'm going to steal a pair of Jordans on the way out. I think you got to trade up. That's my motto. Everything's a touchy issue now, isn't it? Like, they're doing a trans superhero in a Marvel movie. That's a big story. Yeah, they're doing a trans. And you know they're just patting themselves on the back. Like, we did it, guys. We did it. You know they're going to mess it up. They're so politically correct in those movies. There's going to be a supervillain like, you mutants are all freaks. Except for you, your brave. But the rest of you, ah. My cousin is trans. Yeah, and my mom was concerned for her safety. I was like, look, it's going to be okay. Being trans is a lot like being a stand-up comic. Because at first you're on to non-core like, I guess you're doing this now. But then in like three years, you're like, all right, I'll start telling people. So. Just put your time in. Pay your dues. My friend was talking about that transports-illustrated model. You know what I'm talking about? She called me like, dude, she's so hot. I can't even tell the difference. And I was like, yeah, I know you mean well, but that is a weird compliment to give a human. Like, she's, I can't believe it's not butter or some shit. But she's like, shake out this impossible burger of a android here. It was amazing. I was watching mass shooting footage on CNN, and they did, um. They show the footage, and then they, and then someone cursed and they bleeped. Is that not, is that not our country in a nutshell right now? What you're about to hear might make you very obsessed. I knew this year was fucked when, uh, when the Pope, the Pope said you got to give up trolling on the internet for Lentel. I was like, I think we're doomed. Right? Because it used to be chocolate or cigarettes. Now he's like, try to not call a stranger on Twitter or Gisrag for a few days. Can you handle that? It's hard. Are we gonna have PTSD from this? I don't know. A little, right? I feel like my PTSD is gonna be like, like, you got to zoom in and I'm gonna be like, I'm not going back to you. I'm done with it. You ever just look at your phone when you get a scam call and it says scam likely on it? I'm like, man, that's pretty impressive. It's predicting the motives of the call. I wish you would do that with every phone call. Your ex-girlfriend calls still angry. Let's put this off to a later date. I love those IRS scam calls. I got one recently. I said, hello, the guy goes, you're in a lot of trouble. I said, what happened? He goes, oh. That's how I should have known it wasn't the real IRS. I don't think the real government is like, oh shit, dude. You fucked up bad. So I said, what happened? If you don't send a seven grand immediately, I'm sending over the sheriff. The sheriff. Yeah, the sheriff. I'm like, I'm on the upper west side. Let me see if there's parking for his horse real quick. I don't know. Yeah, man. Now, you know what the scam is? I want you to go to Walgreens and buy gift cards and read the back of the code because you wired the money. They can get busted. But you read the code. They think they're all right. You should know it's not the government at that point. I don't think the real IRS is that chill. They're like, look, if you don't have seven grand in cash, we do accept asking Robbins. So we're pretty chill at the government. We like ice cream. I hooked up with a girl on the road years ago. I'm in Michigan. I'm in the hotel room after the show with her. She's chugging a giant water bottle before sleeping together. I said, hey, is everything okay? And she said, oh, I got a hydrate before. And I said, yeah, cool. I might have misrepresented myself here. This is a pretty low impact. I said, yeah, this is a pretty low impact activity. Think a leptical, not treadmill. That's an idea. And she didn't know I have to hydrate because I'm a squirtor. And I was like, oh, my God. Yeah. You never see that Gatorade commercial, right? You should. Gatorade. Is it in you? I don't know. We'll see. And she got nervous. She said, does that change anything? I said, yeah, the tip I leave house keeping. I got to bring it out. So I'm telling my friend about it. He said, how was it? I said, you know, while we were having sex, she actually slipped the finger in my butt. Oh. Yeah, and my friend said, that's the prize you. And I said, what did she complied with my request? That's the mail G spot, folks. In the butt. Some guys say, no, I've been. I've come back with good news. It's right there. Just a hand. Like, Tolstito's hand to my friend. I'm going to say, no, I'm going to say, no. I've been. I've come back with good news. Like Tolstito's hand to my friend. That much. Because some guys are like, no, that's gay. It's not gay. The buttholes for everybody. The buttholes like a Broadway show. Right? Gay is talking about it the most. But if you're a straight guy, you never go. You're missing out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I call mine wicked. That's what it is. Unless she goes in too deep, then I call it lame-ass. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right now we're hoping that people show up. Oh, I love you, man. Oh, hey, sorry, didn't interrupt. Looks like you're having a nice time. I don't think that's a big comedy. You seem like a fun person. Are you like a yogi or something? You're a yoga teacher at Holy shit. I can feel energy. She's so calm and centered and her posture is so nice. Matt, be very careful, please. You're like on the side of the thing. You good? Yeah. I'm serious, though. You're like, right on that. Okay. All right. Safety first, guys. If he dies, admit torn jokes. You know how fucking guilty I'm going to feel? I'm at his funeral. Matt died the way he wanted to. In the middle of a joke about me jacking off. His mom is like, this is the worst. This is the worst eulogy I've ever heard. Matt and I were just talking about people who like, you ever talked to someone that they've got nothing to say? They're just like, you ever see this movie and you're like, yeah, I know like, good movie. I'm like, that's it. That's all you got. I was working with a comic once and he goes to the crowd. He goes, he goes, any birthdays? And some of the crowd goes, yeah, it's my birthday and he goes, happy birthday. We're at a comedy club. That's all you got. How do you guys meet? At a yoga? She was a teacher? Yes. And you fucking went for it? That's the dream. It's a weird dream, but look. What did you say to her? You have a beautiful smile. You're lucky you're handsome. That line does not work for everybody. You a beautiful smile. Holy shit. Get away from me. That line is reserved for people with your bone structure. You know what is fun is some of these celebrities getting canceled for shit that we most of us. I'm not going to say everyone here, but at least the man I've seen porn of. Someone will say this director auditioned women for his movies and then tried to sleep with them. I don't know, that is despicable. I have masturbated to that ex-ex scenario. It was scripted. So, feel like that lets me off the hook a little. How long have you guys been together? Year and a half. You're in a half that was at a dating half? No. Work? Where do you work? We worked at an investment bank. You were an investor. I thought you were going to be like, I'm a director. She auditioned for one of my bests. And I was like, lady, you have got the goods. That's great. So, you were an investment bank. And you guys just met and after work, a party or something? Christmas party. That's where it happens man. That's where it is. Now let me explain to you why entertainers get canceled all the time. Imagine a Christmas party every night. Yeah. It is funny watching comedians get canceled for jokes that uh, worked. Do you know what I mean? The whole footage of a comedian and the jokes killing. I know like this is despicable. I'm like, how about all the people who are laughing? That's why I record all my shows now. Because if I'm going down, I'm taking all you motherfuckers with me. That's so funny when the tables have turned out. I watched too much porn. I was watching porn the other day. You had the day. I have a good job. And a Tuesday. And this woman comes on before the porn star since you guys, wouldn't you rather be with the real woman instead of at home alone jerking off? And I was like, yeah, but I got a meeting in five. I don't think I can swing it. Real women, you got to get them in the mood. It's like pre-heatin' an oven. Jack and off, it's like a microwave. It's not the same quality, but there's always time. You know? Hey, buddy, how are you? Are you passionate? What do you think? I love this. What a time. It's always going to get a neighbor heckling you and it's hot, but... Yeah, buddy, how you doing up there? Thank you, sir. Wow, he walked away. I walked the guy in his own home. I eat when I'm single the same way I jerk off in a relationship, quickly and quietly over the sink. And I get sad. I have a question for you guys. You ever think you're a sex addict and then you comment, you're like, definitely not. Turns out I'm addicted to calming everyone's in a while. It's actually pretty common. Years ago, there was this baseball player, Dumb and Young. He got really drunk and time square. He spit on a guy, pushed him, called him a fucking Jew, and the guy sued him for $10 million, and it turned out he was not a Jew. So... That guy is the real anti-Semite. He's like, what did you call me? A Jew? I will see you in a court of law. After a very uncomfortable phone call with my lawyer. Because you know. Jew. Because I'm a comedian. People like to tell me they're conspiracy theories. And as a comedian, I like them. As a Jew, it's not my favorite. Rarely, am I like, oh, you think the Holocaust was a hoax? Go on. I like what this is headed. Now, I like to really off the wall conspiracy theories. I don't like the generic ones. I like the ones that are like, Jared from Subway. I don't think he did it, man. He was framed by the big wigs at Quiznos. Now, I was reading this article on Jeffrey Epstein the other day. I don't want to divide the roof here. I think he was a pretty bad person. I don't know the consensus. A few of you look like you might have dabbled on this island. But... I'm scrolling through my phone and it just says... Have you ever read on your phone? It doesn't matter the article, there's ads. It's weird to be reading about a human trafficker and then every once in a while you're like, oh yeah, Nike, that's cool. There's at least that they work the ad into the article, right? Like, you think what Epstein did was low? Check out the prices on the new LeBronz. This is crazy. I think you date women that are like your mom, right? That's just using New York crowd. You've probably been a therapy. I think you date women who are like, I do at least, you know? Because my mom was like a very overprotective mom. I'd get sick. She would react like I had stage 4 cancer every time. And I'm looking for a woman that can match that intensity. It's almost like I'm auditioning her for the part of my mom. I'm like, I'm feeling sick and she's like, it's just a head cold. And I'm like, thanks for coming in. We're going to take this in another direction. So my mom would do this thing where she just reads me bad reviews, I guess. My mom would just call me and say, I read that awful review you got. I'm like, what are you talking about? And then I assume it's the New York Times or something. And then I look it up and I'm like, mom, trip advisor. We didn't have to look into this one. We don't have to look at what every bad review says about me. So I looked it up, obviously. It's from Naples, Florida, which is the worst week of comedy I ever did. And they give you one star reviews. Like, I had a good time in their city. One star. You guys were fucking one star. I didn't like you. And the night to stay in Naples, it was bad for everybody. It's the point. Let me read you the review. On Friday night December 14, Sam Herrel was inappropriate. I like that she gave the date like it's Pearl Harbor. We had a family event planned for good laughs. Our son, daughter-in-law, adult autistic grandson in his friend. Adult autistic grandson? I hope that's not how she refers to him in public. We'll be three for dinner tonight. Me, my husband, and our adult autistic grandson. He's like, Graham, my name is Stephen. Can you stop? Can you stop calling me that? The first two local comedians were great and the food was excellent. Then came Sam Herrel, the headliner. He was a terribly bad choice. He spoke of Olga's opinions that were not funny, degraded his and our US president. We can't even have the same US president. That's how much she hates me. I'm like, lady, it's Florida. We're all on the same sink and ship here. He degraded Naples. I did. I did. And I'll do it again too, fuck Naples. I'm not some snob. I'm just going to re-known a lot of three times. I'll go back. I'll come back as long as you're not hardly abusive as an audience. And he used autistic kids for a joke. I did not. I don't even know how I would. I just scanned the crowd. What does that, some adult autistic grandson in the house? When you get his ass up here so I can roast him. Autism style. People began to protest. No one protested. I've been doing this a long time. I've never had to set so bad that I've been like shit, they're breaking up, they're taking size. He also said he would punish the crowd by going on longer. That's... That is... All right, look. Sometimes you hate the crowd so much. You're like, I'm burning this motherfucker, big rat. I could go back and stalk my hotel room or I could ruin their lives. He could not address those without insulting the age group of retirees, telling them that they'd be dead soon. Let me elaborate. I didn't say, hi, hi, you're going to be dead soon. I said I feel bad that this shitty comedy show is one of the last things you'll ever see. So... She omitted the compassion with what I spoke. Comedy doesn't let you feel good for more than a night. I'll give you an example. I did a gig in... So this happened in 2014. I did Conan. The first time I ever did a late night, I said, did Conan. You're happy to get there. It's a big deal for you at the time, right? You're like fucking... Took me like eight years or something to get there. The next night, you go to a gig in Virginia Beach, which whatever. You show up, I'm happy to be working. I say, hey, I'm Sam, to the bartender. She goes, someone needs to replace the urinal cakes in the bathroom. I said, cool, I'm the headliner for the weekend. She goes, so no. Yeah, that's a firm no. You said, well, I can't do it. I'm a woman. I said, well, I don't know what to tell you. I feel like it's a bad look for your venue. If the guy who's faces on the poster is working behind people at the urinal, can you speed it up? I'm on in five. Okay. Obviously I bomb every show. That goes with that saying. I get off... And it's not a Naples Florida comatose bomb. It's a Virginia Beach. We drink lollile and iced teas. We're not good people, bomb. You know? So I get off stage. I turn to my left. I see a giant poster of a magician. So it gets my attention. His name is Stu. He's a handsome young magician, spiky hair, holding two dubs very seriously. And it's like, what a weird poster. I turn to my right. It's Stu in person. It felt like magic. He's at the bar and he goes rough. I was like, yeah, you could say that again. He goes, you should get hammered with me tonight. You know what? I can't think any lower. Why the fuck not? So he said what became one of my favorite sentences ever. He goes, let me tell you something about this town. I fucking run Virginia Beach. I think about that quote constantly. I was like, all right. And he goes, I'm going to show you the Virginia Beach no one talks about. And I was like, that could be any part of Virginia Beach. So I've never heard a thing about your city. I don't think most people have. And by the way, then he just takes me to the bar next door, which is a bit disappointing. I thought we were going to see some CD underbelly. I was like, I could have found this. And there's a long line. I said, let's just drink somewhere quiet. And he goes, oh, we're not waiting on line. I fucking run this town. It's like, right, I forgot. So we sort of cut in the line. People are getting pissed. Stu just give him the finger. I was like, this guy might be a lot. We get to the front of the line. The bouncers see them and immediately goes, not tonight, Stu. People know this guy. And Stu goes, you better let us in or else. And the guy just let us in. That's all it took. That was magic trick number two. We're in the bar. Stu's buying everyone drinks. We're doing shots. We're getting wasted. He starts doing magic at the bar. He's a damn good magician. It's incredible. Women are gathered around. They're owing an eye after every trick. After one of the tricks, you just grabbed one of the women and started making out with her. And I was like, holy shit, this guy might run Virginia Beach. This is impressive. Then he just lets her go and he goes, fuck this shit. Strip club. I was like, that's not really my scene. He goes, trust me. And I was like, damage Stu. We made it this far. What the hell? So we start walking to his car. To me, Stu, his friend is a designated driver. We get to his car. It's a very nice BMW that's been horribly vandalized. Stu falls to his knees and goes, no! Who would do this to me? Am I for a thought I was anyone? I've known you 47 minutes. I could give you a list of suspects right now. He's hopping and popping. He's like, why? And then he finally cheers up. And he just looks at me and he goes, we're still going. That's a car, right? We get in the car. He's cheerful on the way there. He even turns to me in the back seat and goes, you've never seen anything like a Virginia Beach strip club. And then we walked in. I was like, it looks a lot like Tampa. I missed my brother. We're greeted by this gorgeous stripper. She kisses him on the mouth. And I was like, who is this guy? And he said, this is my girlfriend. I was like, oh, Stu, you loveable sleaze. I've known you for like an hour and a half. I watch you cheat and I've met your girlfriend. I hope that when she busts him cheating, he at least handles her like a magician. She finds some cocktail napkin. Who is Denise? You look, let me see that. Magic. She's like, damn it, Stu. That was kind of cool. We get wrecked. To me, Stu, the stripper, the designated driver, all of us were bombs. I had to cab it home. Horrible morning, hung over his hell. A week later, I told this story on a podcast, not thinking about it, all right? A week after that, my phone vibrates. It just says, Stu. And I panic. I don't remember saving this nothing. I panic again because I don't remember saving the picture that pops up, Stu holding two dubs. I'm like, what is that? So I press ignore, he texts me, pick up motherfucker. Hey, Stu, you made me sound like a piece of shit on that podcast and I said, no, I didn't. I made you sound cool and he goes, true. That's all it took. That's how forgiving he was. I actually felt bad. Anyway, years later, I find myself on TripAdvisor, because of my mom. And I'm looking up bad reviews I got. There's a few of them. So I start looking up some of my comedian friends. I get some bad reviews too. I don't know why, but I thought to look up still. And he's got some bad reviews, believe it or not. One just said, one star, Stu bombed our corporate event. Who will not have back and I was like, hell, no, Stu deserves better. So I left my own review. I just wrote five stars. This motherfucker runs Virginia Beach. Thank you so much, guy. Thank you for coming out. Thank you so much. Did we get it? Right it. Whoa! Oh shit! Hell yeah! This fucking rule! We're cutting in between, we'll see. I'm thinking of a special and everyone thinks that it's lit. Oh, down to earth guy! Red and up to sea mud! I don't like it. It's just me, I'm the guy. I don't like him summarizing our art like this. We're frauds!
Yeah, get it up for G. George. Yeah. Fuck is this a family reunion? Yeah. God damn, it's Brooklyn in the house. Yeah. All right, we're gonna set this off, fashion your seat belts. This should have definitely real. Now how many of you are like sex? We're gonna talk about sex. Now check this out just the other day, right? I went to the top floor of the world tracing it. They got a barbed in there. And I see this bitch got mobut in a box of new clothes. Dragging the wagon, plinny junk in a truck. So I specialized on porn. I said, um, mostly poo. You're a sugar blumas. I mean, uh, what's the flavor, neighbor? I'm ready to suck a fart out your ass. Shit. As a matter of fact, I'm ready to spin, bend, slide it, be no guts. Spin open your butt and bust a ferocious nut all over your chest and rub it in like it's carrying my lotion. Girlfriend said, no, go. Why don't you act like he should raise up off me? Because I don't need to let the wafer and feed your mother, major, mother fuck you. Now, put some wheels on the hills to skate for I be five jazz. I said, baby, why are you talking like that? She said, cause my name is Polly Oda Ho. That's why I got a little cheese back here. I don't think you can handle it. I said, well, baby, if you was mine, I was sucked at cheese out your toes. Corretto, kneecap, cheek to blueberry, crudders out your butt, tongue is your armpit, drink your back, hold on to the crazy straw. And as long as I gotta face you, got somewhere to sit. Well, girlfriend said, well, come on. Let's go to the bar and talk about this. I said, well, the heavens clever, Miss Trevor. So I'm following by honor, looking at the cheese, go left the right, rousing, goddamn. So we sit down, we drink a long island ice teas, kicking the political blizzard, propaganda, rhetoric, and bogus. You know, the willy bobo rubbing each other, him playing fucsies all the sudden, the door kicking, but do. When a smoke cleared, see the mother fucker with a straddle, long as Dick Tracy, with a screw face like Shobba Rakes. Get his hand in his pocket like this. I said, oh my god, I do go rob the joint. I only got 15 soon over Chinese loop, my clothes. I'll be fucked up. I gotta take that iron horse tonight. Oh my god, bad enough I'm trying to get girlfriend to pay for these long island ice teas. No, I'm saying. Anyway, instead of pulling out of Mac 10 with a banana clip, guess what this mother fucker pull out? Oh, 40. He said, this shit here is guarantee to make every day in your bedroom some type of spectacular. Girl, forgave me the elbow. Said this bull can't snicker. Soft and velvet at cheese, he's like a baby shoe. He booty, he can't throw right side of the chain, he's wetting. Ain't gonna hurt none, none die. I should be fine to his ass. I said, chill, baby, hear the man out. He said, for example, took a goggle. It walked out the window. Now remember, we are hundred and some stories in a fucking hell. This is mother fucker. Walk out the window, go around the motherfucker building, and come back in a go, dada-a-ah, like Roger Rabbit. No girlfriend saying, let me at that bottle. She asked the shit drunker down to the suds, threw a bottle back, did a dance like she was Greek turn around said, don't let my drink get hot. I said, bitch, where's you going? She said, one foot out the window, and fell, 100-some stories to her death. Boy, I tend to wipe in a motherfucker table of reason. Superman, you're a funny mother fucker, some time, I swear to God. I got to go, man, they got me on short time. I'm gonna put some wheels on my heels and skate, man, I'm outta here like Belvedere, no underwear. Peace to my man, Tarella, peace to Brooklyn. Y'all take care, y'all lookin' nice tonight.
I came up doing comedy in New York, the old school way, in dark little smoky rooms. These crowds just came to laugh because they needed to laugh. When we were doing this special, we wanted to capture what that was like. And that's what this is. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. DC Bennett. Long Island is good to be here, Long Island, yeah. Across the street from the gas station. Good to be here. Next to the kosher deli that closed down for the health violation. That's always good. You know, throwing bacon bits into mots of balls. That'll do it. The word gets out. People always look at me. They're like, you don't look like you're going to be funny. You look like one of those dudes that you'll rent a boat from. You get out on the water. There's a hole in the bottom. I hear that a lot. People say I look like Jeff Goldblum if he did some time. I hear that. Some lady. I lived in a building for two years. This lady thought I was the super of the building, the superintendent. For two years, she would come up to me with very specific maintenance requests. She'd be like, Hector. Hector. My sink is clogged again. I have to tell her, maybe not coming in 10 minutes. They may not coming. I bet he'd be sure of the time people calling, just every minute. They may not come. I didn't know if that joke could work in long Island. You guys have lawns and houses. You guys don't have supers with the key rings and everything. It's good for me to get out of, you know, we're going to city. A lot of people, nothing. Here's another thing. I have people ask me for directions. They ask me for directions all the time. I was standing up and I was in the city. Some lady came up and just goes, and it's New York City and don't ask. They just demand. A lady comes up and just goes, Broadway. Not where is it or how do I get to it? Or any of that other stuff you'd associate with a question is confusing. I'm like, should we question a show tune? Is that a code like my fly's down? Oh, Broadway, thank you, lady. So I had to ask. I was like, can you clarify what it is exactly you need? So then she treats me like an idiot. She puts it in a question form but says it really slowly. She's like, how? Do I get to Broadway? So I gave her the most New York answer. I could think of, I was like, well, that all depends on how big you can dream. Yeah, so that happened everybody. So, uh, live in Brooklyn. Live in Brooklyn. You guys know it over there. That's my, sure. It's fancy now. You know, my neighborhood's changing a lot. Changed a lot. I've been there like 30 years. My neighborhood's been, you know, like, okay. So I go to this deli pretty much every day in my neighborhood. I go to this deli. So I go the other day to get cat food. I go to get cat food. That's one of my rituals. And I'm in line and there's one of the newer people in the neighborhood on the phone behind me. Very loud. Like, seriously, literally, really, really, really, really. I can't even, you know, it's just sentence fragments. And then, uh, and then they start critiquing the neighborhood. They're like, if I'm going to be totally transparent about this neighborhood, I have to say my major problem with it is that it lacks diversity. I'm like, wait a minute now. It's mostly old school-y Thai neighborhood, but we're, you know, in a Korean deli. There's a Mexican dude behind the counter making a bagel for the Jewish lady who is, of course, complaining because she ordered and everything with nothing that's blowing his mind. He's trying to give her a plane. He's trying to give her a plane. There's a crackhead trying to buy a Lucy. What's missing? Like a one-legged alien in Capri pants? Like, what's missing? You know? So now I'm up at bad. I get to the register, right? To buy my cat food. I realize I forgot my wallet. But I know the guy. I've been coming there 30 years. So I told the guy, I'm like, listen. Uh, I'm going to hit you off later today when I come through again. And before he can respond, the person behind me on the phone in reference to me says really loudly, white privilege. I was like, eh. So I went outside. I stole their bike and I left a note that said reparations. All right. My name was still has some kind of old school stuff. There's still that old school crime that happens that my name would have been totally gentrified it. You know, like, uh, my car has been broken into eight times in the last two months. So I've been obsessed. I'm glad you're laughing. And they, whoever it is takes random stuff, like 43 cents and owners manual, you know, it feels very personal. I feel very violated. So I'm like, I'm going to, ooh, I'm just going, ooh, I can't, I'm obsessed with just catching whoever it is. Yeah, I'm going to have violent fantasies if I could only catch this person. If I could only catch about a week ago, uh, I'm laid up in my underwear. It's midnight. Watch the TV and only tell you the underwear part because it figures into the story. And I hear the alarm go off and I look out of the window and there's a little dude in my car going through my stuff. And, uh, uh, he's got Nike a bag because it's Brooklyn, you know, and it's not the blue one. You're allowed to have. It's the yellow one that's not supposed to leave this store. So I'm like, that's a fucking career criminal over there. Look at that, you know, some banging on the window and he's like, fuck you buddy. I'm like, oh, it's on now. It's on. You know, so I run out of house. I'm chasing this guy. I'm booking after this guy. I really, two blocks into it. I was so angry about the whole thing. I didn't put on pants. I'm chasing this guy in my underwear. I got on flip flops and I have that planner for Shytis, where you've got to have the, uh, the insults. You know, every step hurts. I don't have my glasses. I'm falling apart. I'm the Tin Man chasing this guy, you know. So this is not thought out, you know. So actually, I finally catch up to him and now it's my moment, right? I catch up to him and he's like, I'm sorry, you know, and it's, and he's got, and he's got, and, and, you know, it now's my moment to, to reach the violence that I've been thinking about. But, but then I'm thinking about, I'm like, wait a minute. It's, it's midnight. I can't see really what's going on. He's got his arm behind the bag. Like, you might have something like, I don't know, box cutter or something like that. Hey, you know, I'm in my underwear. You know, it's just, uh, so, uh, but I'm like, I want it to stop. I have to do something. So I improvise. Uh, I just say to a Muslim, listen, man, if you ever come to his neighborhood again, uh, I'm going to have to rape you, right? And I don't know where that came from. I don't know what that came from, right? I mean, if you know me, that's how I mean, as I'm saying, like, ah, ah, ah, ah. You know, because New York is freaky. He could have just been like, you know, bent over and been like, slightly. And now I got a butt-fucked this guy by the BQE to prove a point for justice. But anyway, that guy laughed. Uh, these jokes were one person at a time. But anyway, you know, it had the desired effect. He was horrified. He took off, right? So now, so I go back to my place. Yeah, I put on pants, shoes, shirt. I go to the precinct. There's two blocks away. Uh, and I'm like, listen, there was a guy breaking in the cars. Um, uh, we, uh, I pursued him. We had a discussion. Uh, and they're like, let's, let's go for a ride. Let's go find, let's go for a ride. Let's go find this fucking cock, suck over there. And they put out the, I mean, they're very amped up, right? And they put out the APV, uh, this is my day over there with the, uh, you know, we could fucking, like, keep it running, running, breaking the cars. You should go for a confining. You know, so I'm driving around. Within 10 minutes, they get a call. Uh, that, that, that, you know, they've hemmed up this guy over there on Sacket Street, Red Hook or whatever, you know, to meet the description. We drive over there. I see the guy like the lights on him, you know, and he's pacing back and forth and everything. And, and the cop with me is like, that's the guy, right? That's the guy. And I'm like, wait a minute, wait, because he had a hat on and he didn't have a hat before. And, you know, you want to be 100% sure. You know, you see those HBO documentaries, it's the wrong person. And then we give it a jiggle on lives that ruined it and everything. So I'm like, I, you know, he didn't have a hat on. So the guy, the cop makes me say, they take off the hat, right? Huh. Do takes off the hat. And he's like, that's him, right? That's that fucking cock, suck. And I'm like, just see, it's called easy. It happened to me. We weren't there, you know. Let me see. So I'm like, I still, he's a little far off. I can't see the, his facial features. I'm not 100, I've got to be 100% sure. So I'm like, listen man, maybe he could come a little closer so that cop's like, listen. I'm gonna go out and I'm gonna ask him some questions. You I baldish, wuck, wuck, wuck, wuck, wuck, wuck. Whatever, whatever. All right, all right. So, I've asked him some questions. I see the guy's face, I see him up close. I hear his voice. You know, he's like, I didn't do anything. I'm like, that's the guy. 100%. 100%. Cop gets back in the car. He's like, that's him, right? That's him. I'm like, yeah, actually, that is him. He's like, I knew it. I'm like, how'd you know it? He's like, he's all sweaty. I'm like, why y'all sweaty? He's like, I was out running. Why are you running at midnight? Some dude was chasing me, threatened to rape me. So. A little wholesome rape story for everybody. My comedy is not for everybody. I found that out. You know, there are people who do not think I'm funny. I was working in Chattanooga, Tennessee, which is the Indian name for there's nothing to do in this town. The crowds hated me. The first night I was there, I made a joke about Dale Earnhardt. Some of the audience stood up and went easy, easy. It was all quiet except for the sound of pitchforks, a sharpening, you know. But the thing is, you got to embrace wherever you go. You got to embrace the differences. You know, that's how I feel about it. So I'm like, what do they have in Chattano? We don't have to have the Bass Pro Shot. That had never been to the Bass Pro Shot. Somebody over there, yeah. It's a big hunting fishing store. You walk in, it's like, barren air, and air, and air. You know, people are buying guns like it's produce. Give me two of those. Give me that big one for Mama. Look at that. I kill you, Paul. Barren air, and air, and air. And deer hunting season had just started. So they had these things that look like crackfiles. So ask the guy, what's that? He goes, ask Bucklewer. I'm like, what is he goes? Ask Deer Ehrin. I'm like, what do you do? He goes, you take it. You sprinkle it on yourself. The deer smell you. He think you were deer. And that's when you get him. Like, that's bizarre. I didn't know all that went into hunting. Like, you have a golden shower before you run into the woods. It's a little, a little kicking, right? A little kicking. How do you collect deer? Is there a dude in the woods with a bucket? You know, that one looked kind of full. You know, I don't know if deer are like eyes and, you know, being in public, and I can't if you're looking. You know. But the best thing about the Bass Pro Shop is they have a giant TV monitor. And it's like two guys, and they make the, it's like a hunting TV show, right? And they have two guys, and they make this, they run it in a constant loop to show. The two guys make a little tree house up there. They got a bone arrow, and they're going to, they're going to whack some deer. But there's a lot of downtime before the deer shows up. So they're going to whisper into each other about how they're going to kill this deer. If you don't see the visual, you just hear the audio. It sounds like gay, southern porn. You know, it's like, oh, look down there. Look at the head on that. That's the big old head. That's like a 12-toner. Look at that. Sure, B still, now B still. I'm just going to pull back knives and slow, I just relax. Don't jerk it. Don't jerk it. Look at him being over by that brick. I'm a mouth him in my living room, Baron. Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron. One thing I'm really good at is making bad decisions. I'm going to give you an example. Everybody, it's gotten very sensitive. It was very sensitive now. The comedic climate, everything's very sensitive. People send emails. They get offended. They get offended. They get offended and email. They get sent. Your career is leaking in the gutter. So years ago, he used to not be like that. I mean, look, since he's human, I do alienate. I've lost a few friends. But I have one friend recently. He's not my friend anymore. But we came over. He was hungry. I make him a sandwich. I bring it out. He's like, I can't eat that. I said, well, why not? He goes because I have a gluten allergy. Well, what are the symptoms of that, exactly? He says, well, first you feel full and then you feel tired. I'm like, well, that's exactly what's post-app and when you eat bread. You're not supposed to be famished and then alert. Anyway, here's my point. So years ago, I don't feel like it used to be like that. When I was doing comedy in the city years ago, I mean, you can speak, you can speak whatever you want. You know, as somebody who's offended, they leave. I remember there was a period of time I got sick of doing my act. I wanted to do something on purpose that was offensive as it could be and just see what happens. So I started doing this character on stage and people believed it was real. It was this angry Middle Eastern comic called the Great Habibi. And I came out, my opening joke was, I hit juice. Audit juice, apple juice, grapefruit juice. Bahala, bahala, bahala, bahala, bahala. And people loved the Great Habibi. People loved the Great Habibi. People loved the Great Habibi. I did an album as the Great Habibi. I sold one copy, one copy, to a guy who lived in the Middle East, ironically enough. Some guy in the Middle East bought the one copy. So the way I would do the, you know, I committed, like I grew a beard. I mean, I did the whole, you know, I took less frequent showers, I put on extra cologne. I mean, I did the whole thing. I called Strangers, my friend. And the album cover was hilarious. It was a picture of me, like on a flying carpet. I was so offensive. You know, smoking a hookah with a camel, you know, throwing rocks that Americans say, you know, anyway. And the way I would, I would try the material that was, again, there was a deli in my neighborhood. And it was two guys from Yemen, Muhammad and Muhammad. And I love these guys. And I would run the material by them. I'd be like, you know, I hit juice. They'd be like, hilarious. It's not like that. What the hell is it? It's so do we. And one of the Muhammad's, one of the Muhammad's, I forget which one. He was a big Mr. T fan. He loved Mr. T. At Mr. T. Bobblehead, Mr. T. Posters from the 18, like, he had this whole Mr. T obsession. I remember asking him one day. I was like, what is he obsession with Mr. T? And he goes to me, he goes, Mr. T. He goes, big and black. I'm small and brown. Inside, I am him. Inside, he is me. We had this like, very, it was a beautiful little moment. You know, resonated. Maybe he had to be there. I got a tear, everything. So during this time, during this time, there was another Middle East and comic work in New York City. His closing joke was he would rip open his shirt and he had fake dynamite strap to his chest. And people would be like, and then leave, you know. It was a different time. It was a different time. So 9-11 happened. So he stopped working. You know, I think he went into banking or something. And, you know, I dial back to Greater BB a little bit, but I'm still doing it. So, a few months later, I get a call from some producer in Los Angeles. And he's like, listen, we hear you do this great, a BB thing. We want to, we're casting a show. It's a cop show. We're the Middle Eastern guy. And we think you'd be perfect. We want you to fly yourself out. And that's always a good sign when somebody says that. Yeah. Fly yourself out to Los Angeles for this meeting and everything. Everybody's going to be here. It's going to be perfect. We're going to cast you in this thing. So I'm like, oh, OK. So I have like two days to get this all together. Money's a little tight. So I have a friend named Tony Woods, hilarious comedian. And Tony has a hook up in an airline, right? So I'm like, Tony, you got that hook up at the airline? He's like, yeah, it's shorty. And I'm like, what's the guy's name? He's like, his name is Horse. I'm like, Horse. And why is he called Horse? He's like, man, you don't want to know. So I meet this guy, Horse, in the back of a bar. He comes limping in. I'm trying not to look at his leg. And Horse, he's like, I give him $200 cash. He's like, here, take this number. Use it on the way over. Take this other number. Use it on the way back. So I'm like, OK. But it seems a little dodgy, right? I'm like, all right. Next day, I fly out. Use the number. It's fine. The producer picks me up at the airport. He's like, listen, we're going directly to the meeting. He goes, I want you. These people believe that you're actually the great of BB. So I need you to be that guy in the meeting. So I'll be offensive and everything. I'm like, OK, no problem. Right? So we get to this building, right? This agency, whatever they all the agents are sitting at this table. I'm sitting around. You know, it was a big deal and everything I'm sitting there. And this one lady is the shot caller. She's the shot caller. Right? She starts grilling me, asking me questions. She's like, so, uh, BB. What country are you from exactly? I'm like, you know where it's injumped? She's like, yes. I'm like, not there. It's to the left. It's called Makhna. It's a small place. One tent. You know, open sesame. And then you go in. So everybody's laughing at the table except for this lady. So she keeps asking me more questions. You know, she's like, so, uh, are you married? I'm like, yes. I have seven wives, one for each day of the week. You know, Tuesday is my favorite. You know, I drill her like oilfield, you know, fracking, all night, fracking in the butt. Everybody's laughing at the table. This lady, not laughing. She goes, do you have children? Yes, I have my daughter. She was born in the desert sandy. Uh, my other daughter, she's a little overweight Fatima. Uh, and my son, I call him my little chickpea. But when he misbehaved, I beat him with his stick. And then I call him, hummus, you know. Hallelujah, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Everybody's laughing at this table. This lady not laughing. So she's like, uh, she's like, do you have any friends from the old country? I'm like, yes, I have one friend, but they got him shoplifting, and they chop his hand. She goes, so, well, what happened? I'm like, he lost touch. Right. I'm killing at this table. This lady's not laughing, right? So she's like, let me switch gears a minute. Now, one of the concerns here is language. Uh, one of the concerns is language. You know, if there's going to be a language barrier, are there phrases that are different? Like, your language and culturally with Arley. And I was like, yes, like, defraise camel toe, you know. In my country, it's not insult is complement. It means your vagina have the strength of 1,000 camera. She's like, uh-huh. So what would an insult be? Peter bread, was it? This means your vagina is dry like the desert. But there is a secret pocket with lots of ingredients that you only discover when you give it big taste to it. Like, in a way, say, speed up that pussy. I'm killing at this table. No one's laughing. This lady's not laughing, right? Right then, a guy comes over. He's like, would you like coffee? Would you like water? Would you like juice? I'm like, I told you I had juice, right? So while this is going on, I see in the back of the age of see all these younger agents that are going to this back room in a mass. And I'm like, well, what is going on there? And the people tell me it's tea time. I'm like, what does mean tea time? And they're like, we represent Mr. Tea. Uh, he comes here once a month. His career has been a little rocky. So he comes here. It's kind of like a pep talk thing. We have all these new agents. We have these posters here of things he's done. And he signs the posters for the new agents. And it makes him feel better. And so they're like, as a matter of fact, since you're here, would you mind getting a poster sign? Because you're a new face. I'm like, no, problem. So I stand in line. It's surreal. Mr. Tea doesn't look good. Like there's a piece of mohawk missing. You know, it looks like lower KST or something. And uh, it's so surreal. I mean, he's sitting there. And he's signing these posters. And he's giving people 80s advice. You know, he's like, stay in school. Don't be a fool. Right. Thanks, Tea. Thanks a lot, Tea. He's like, when you get rich by your mama, a house. Thanks, Tea. He gets to me. He takes one look at me. He's like, what are you? Some kind of terrorist. And I was like, no, we like to say gunchie inches. That the neighbor. He's like, ha, ha, ha, ha. You crazy. You crazy. He's like, what's your name? I was like, put it through Muhammad. So he writes, Muhammad, don't blow shit up. You can't make this up, right? I'm like, this is the best thing ever. You know? So I got a post and it says, Muhammad, don't blow shit up. I'm like, wait till Muhammad see this or Muhammad. Either one. So the next day, the next day, uh, I go to the airport. I got my number. I got my number. I check in. I get out the airlines or whatever. It lays like 437821. She's like, huh, that's strange. I don't seem to have a reservation for that number. Like, one second, let me just contact my travel agent. I'm like, horse. He's like, try 78537. I'm like, 78537. She's like, hmm. Doesn't it know? No, 78537. And he's like, 2, 3, 8, 5, 6. So I'm like, 2, 3, 8, 5, 6. And he's like, 2, 3, 8, 5, 6. And she's like, oh, wait a minute. So wait a minute. We can't take any more credit cards from a year or no. This has been purchased on a stolen credit card. You know, who's that on the phone? I'm like, horse, click. So she's like, you're going to have to pay cash for this ticket. So I got to go get cash. I pay for the ticket. It's a nightmare. So I'm waiting for the plane to board, right? And my name is DC Benny, right? That is a stage name. My real name is Ben Wartowski. Nobody knows that shit. There's an announcement from Delta Airlines. They're like, well, Ben Wartowski, please report. To the front desk of Delta Airlines. I'm like, uh, fuck that shit. I'm not going to do that. Right. Like Ben Wartowski, please report to this. I'm like, fuck that shit. I get on the plane. Lands in JFK. Everybody's about to get off. Six guys and suits get on there. Like, everybody, please sit down. We're looking for a Ben Wartowski. Please identify yourself. I'm like, fuck that shit. Right. They're like, Ben Wartowski, we know you're on this plane. We have a flight manifest with your name on it. We have a general description. We're going to go row by row until we find you. It's going to go better for you if you identify yourself right now. People are looking around. So I'm like, oh, Ben Wartowski, uh, the headphone, my ear. So they take me to this back room. They start interrogating me. They're like, where did you get this ticket? I'm like, uh, from a man named horse. They're like, a man named horse. What are you? A comedian. I'm like, actually. So while this is going on, they're going through my stuff. So the guy's got my passport. He's like, she's Ben Wartowski. You're DC Benny. The other guy unrolls the poster. He's like, are you Muhammad? And what are you going to blow up, right? So I'm like, oh, no, no. So I get on a do not fly list for a year because it is shit, right? I get on a do not I got to do local gigs every time. I'm like, I'm never going to, I'm never going to do the great HBB again. Well, a year ago, a little bit more, I get a tour in Israel, right? And I'm like, ah, this will be awesome. It'll be, it'll be, it's eight days, you know, where I don't speak Hebrew, but I make it up. And I'm like, I'm going to be a politician at, you know, it's same thing. Hello, it's kind of like, you know. So I'm there and the shows are great. It's like every night we're in a different place, you know. Every night, you know, yeah, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be. It'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be. The last night we're in Tel Aviv. We're in Tel Aviv. We're performing there. It's been advertised everywhere. It's a big deal. There's posters, American comedians. And that day Trump announces that he is moving the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Which is a big fucking deal. I had no idea. You know, it was a big deal. So the whole place, it's like, it's like, you know, all American personnel, get the fuck out of Ezio, or take your che, and get the che on out. Get the che on out. And get the che on out. Get the che on out. Get the che. Think you're going to come this and begin there. You know. Show arma. Yeah, so. And so the mood is very tense. The mood is very tense. But the show's great that night. The next day, fly out. But there's a four hour layover in Istanbul, right? And I don't know if you guys have been in that airport. But that airport is like, it's like something from an Indiana Jones movie. I mean, it's the dude with the little hat, with the fizz thing. And then, you know, he's got the monkey. And then you. You know, it's like one tooth in the whole airport being passed around to chew stuff. You know. And they're burning Trump in effigy. Like, there's a whole, like, it's just like a not a good time to be there. Right? So I'm trying to keep a very low profile. But these four guys keep following me around. Right? And everybody got like half a soccer outfit. You know, you know, you keep following me around. So I'm trying to lose these guys. So I end up hiding in the bathroom, getting up on top of the toilet in the stall. You know, like you did in fourth grade when you were going to get your ass beat. And I'm hiding in there. And I'm like, all right, I lost them. I get out of the stall. I go to leave their blocking the door. And one of the guys comes up to me. He's like, you out of the medican? Yes. You. Out of the medican. I was like, no, I am a great, a baby. Right? That guy looked at me. He's like, I know I buy your album 15 years ago. So I signed a Schwarm or rapper. It was awesome. It was awesome. So, Mary, Mary. And we don't have kids. Yeah, for 24 years we tried to want them, but just never, you know. That's one of my favorite jokes. I don't know why. Yeah. My wife is black. I'm not. So we have, you know, there's stuff that happens. Like she has a natural skincare company, a big natural skincare company that she run. I help her run it, you know. But a lot of times I'm in situations where it's all black women and me and it gets a little awkward. Like a few weeks ago I wasn't want to sit in this lady says to me, she confronts me. She goes, are you of color? And I was like, well, I'm not really of it. I'm around it. About three, four times a week, I'm up in it. So I don't know. Another joke, not for down south. But, you know, less it is the kosher deli next door. So my wife has this skincare company. My wife's best selling product is, it has a very unfortunate name. It's called Nutmilk. And I make it. I mean, I don't, I don't, you know. I manufacture it with ingredients, you dirty bastards. I manufacture it, you know, it's a shave, but everything. But the Nutmilk, but the Nutmilk people, I'm always telling you, you should change your name. No, the Nutmilk people know, the Nutmilk people love the Nutmilk and it sells out everywhere across the country. So one day, she, there's like one jar of it in our house and she's like, listen, I've been saving this. There's a lady that's coming to buy it. She's coming from East New York. Her name is Marie. You know, she's going to be in a Subaru Outback. I don't want to come by the house because she's a little crazy. I want, I just, I want you to meet her out on the street, you know. And she's going to try and shortage $75. She's going to try and give you 40. You know, she's a little desperate. She's very ashy, you know, whatever. So one guy laughs, one guy laughs at the ashy. You know, so I'm like, all right. So I got all these instructions. So I'm out there, I'm out there waiting for the Subaru Outback. And then I see one come up. So I knock on the one, I'm like, hey, I got the Nutmilk and the lady in there is like, get the hell away from the car and pulls out a pepper spray. Right. So I'm like, ooh, you know, wrong lady. That's not a good opening. You knock on someone's going to say, hey, I got Nutmilk for your face. You know, they're going to, you're going to get pepper spray. This is what I'm trying to tell you. You got to be very selective. So after that, I'm like, I'm going to be much more selective. You know, so what do you call, so another Subaru Outback shows up. So I said, Marie, there was a lady and I thought it was her because the hands were, oh man. I never cease to dry hands, powders, dust is coming off. She looked like she was chopping cocaine and abacement for Frank Lucas or something or, you know, breach load in a musket or something. And she's like, yeah, it sits me. And so I'm like, I got the Nutmilk and I get a Nutmilk and I should have got the money first. You know, I should have got the money first. I'm a rookie at this stuff. So she gives me 45. I'm like, oh, no, she shorts me. I'm like a 75, right? So she's like, well, that's all I got. And she's like, I need it. And look at me. Look at my hands. Look at my hands. The dust is coming off. I'm like, I'm trying to think what we can do. And I've seen a back of a car. She's got these Trader Joe's bags. So I'm like, you know, I love that homestead that got over them. Like, you have any of that homestead. Does it matter? I got like six of them. Like, give me the homest. We'll call it even both. So I got the homest. She got the Nutmilk. Everything works out. Thanks, lady, for laughing. She likes the homestead. That's that Trader Joe's homest. It's underrated. So we live on this block in Brooklyn. And there is a... There's a hoarder on that block. I don't know if you guys haven't familiar with the hoarders, but there is an old lady that's a hoarder. That also... She's one of those ladies that everything is blessed. Do you know what I mean? You're like, hey, how you doing? I'm blessed. Just blessed. You know, blessed are the blessings upon the blessings with the blessings on the blessings. Like the blessings get stackable. There's more and more blessings. Which is funny to me, you know? So one day I got her mad at me. I didn't realize I said to her. She says, she goes, says, would you mind just helping me? Would you mind just helping me bring some things inside and just some other things outside? I'm just happy that there's peace. I'm like, sure. No problem. So I go in her house and bring it stuff in. I see the stuff I'm bringing out is stuff that I threw out years ago. It's like, you know, it's like LaPredia, Britannica, collection, my flip flops. I'm like, what are you doing with my flip flops? And there's cat pee everywhere. There's like a thousand cats. Yeah. I mean, it's cat pee every... So my hands are getting all cat pee-ish. I don't know how to... You know, there's pee from the cats, all my hands. And right then I get a text from... I'm like, I don't want to touch the phone with the cat pee hand. So I asked the lady, would you just read the text to me? And it's from my wife and it says... The lady reads it loud. It says that she needs me to come home now and make her a batch of hot nut milk. And the lady says, well, what is hot nut milk? And I'm like, mmm, I'm blessed. I'm blessed. My wife has a brother, older brother. You know, families, it can be a little funky. Oh, it's good. It's a older brother that's obsessed with racism, but says the most racist stuff. So we had a party, right? And we invited our friends all, shape, size, and color. Everybody came. And he kept going around a party and offending everybody, with these conversations. Trap, one of my white friends. See, white people came from the ice. That's why they don't feel cold with shorts in October. Read a comment called... He's got one of my gay friends in court. See, the gay agenda is trying to infiltrate the butt. That's what y'all do. You know, it's an everything. It's subversive. Even in the old cartoons, roadrunner was gay. That's why the coyote chasing them all over the place. Roadrunner made the disrespectful comment. And I say, hey, everybody, I'll make you out. But they censored that shit. That's why all you hear is beat, beat. See, that's how that works. You know, he's got one of my Asian friends in the court. See, eyes all squinty. It's not geneticist denial. Because he looked down, see the little dick. Oh, no. Read the final call. So he's offended everybody at this party. Everybody's offended, right? I'm like, you know, brother-in-law, you know, whatever. So he's very paranoid. So next thing he calls me, he's like, look, I had a nice time at Diswari. He made some friends. Look, I'm trying to get some refa... If you could arrange a dime bag, a nickel bag, something of this... Like this old school amount of weed. You know, so I got to go on a weed quest. I know there's a little bodega in the neighborhood that I think is a front. Because there's no merchandise. You had a constant stream of customers, you know. It's like an old ass can of goyabins in a window box of cornflakes still has Bruce Jenner with a javelin on it. You know, you walk inside, there's a picture of Manudo on the wall with the eyes cut out. You know, please have cockfights in the back with the chickens not like, I want whatever. So I go in there. I buy this thing, it comes in a clear plastic tube. It's got a picture of a guy in a wheelchair on it and it's called the crippler. And I ask the guy, I'm like, is this really strong? The guy's like, just roll, just roll. I'm like, okay, the roll, roll. So I call my brother-in-law. And I'm like, hey, I got the... And he's very paranoid. He's like, oh, and he hangs up the phone. So he calls back, he's speaking in code. He's like, did you get the contract? I'm like, the contract, did you get the contract? I'm like, the contract, yes, I got the contract. How many pages was the contract? I was like, 50 pages. I told you a five, what, 10 page contract? I'm like a five or 10 page contract and I have seeds and stems and it, God damn it, you know, hangs up the phone. FBI is going to move in at any minute. So he calls me back. He's like, meet me at the promenade at midnight. I've never been there to promenade. It's a big peer overlooks the East River. So I go out there at midnight and I don't even recognize him. He's got a disguise. He's got a trench coat on. He's got a fedora. He looks like McGruff taking a bite out of crime. He's making a fake phone call at the last phone booth in Brooklyn. I'm walking over and stuff was wrong because he's like black hawk down, VC in the bush, principal in office, crack a on the cheese, slipping a fly, but board mission, muting me on the bounty. What are you talking about? It's like, meet me in the diner in 10 minutes. So I got a 10 minute. So I wait 10 minutes. I go into the diner. It's midnight. There's no one really in there. I go sit down at the booth next to me, puts on this production of how he doesn't know me. Coffee for this gentleman. I've never seen before. Rest your feet, wear his stranger. And then he slides this napkin over and something's written on it. It says 5-0 at the cash register. And I look, there's a 70 year old security guard buying a cup of coffee. I'm like, that guy's not a cop. God damn it. He eats the napkin. He's yelling at me. Well the fuck are you ruining the cop? I'm like, I quit. And I don't want to work for this company anymore. Take your POT. So I leave. So apparently, this stuff was very strong, much stronger than whatever he was used to. Because like two days later, I get this call. And it's the code again. He's like, uh, it's me. The flight to Jamaica. I've been circling the airport for the last 10 hours. When's the plane going land? When the plane going land? I'm like, what? There was a jalapeno in the canola. You understand? I'm like, what? The train went express. Now I'm in the Bronx. Everybody's speaking Spanish. You understand? The hot tub water was dirty. And now when I pee, it stinks. I'm like, what are you talking about? It's like, I smoked a contract every page. Now I can't feel my legs. I'm like, dude, I don't understand. He's like, you know what? I tell you what it is. This is because you're Jewish. That's what it is. See, the Jews, what they do is they miscommunicate. You miscommunicated the potency. That's what Jews do. And that's how circumcision got invented. It was a miscommunication of agriculture vice from God, Moses. God said, tell them if they want them to grow. They must chop the tops off the crops. Moses said, chop the tops off the... And that's what happened. That's how it went down. I'll tell you, there's people wanting to know what comedians think about. And you know, like, what do we think about during the day? For me, for... It does not make any sense. But when I get stressed out, I think about pigeons. I just think about pigeons, right? I just think about the people who asked them in different scenarios. You know, like, you never see... I feel like the pigeon is a disrespected bird. You know, every other bird's got a nature special or something like that. You never see a pigeon nature special narrated by some guy from Brooklyn. You know, a pigeon is a beautiful bird. Notifoliage, it's like blue and gray with dirt. You know, so we can blend with the filth. A pigeon... He's originally from Brooklyn. People don't know that. But if you look at him, you can see because he's all built up top. And he's got the skinny little fucking legs. Like, everybody, you know, working out at the gym over here. A pigeon... He don't eat regular food. He, like, cigarette butts, chicken wings. He don't care. Oh, mostly carbs. A pigeon... A pigeon, you know, he don't fly too far. I mean, he's fucking fat. Look at him. Boom. Three feet into the puddle over there. The pigeon has low self-esteem. This is why he's always nodding. He's going like this. He can try to psych himself up. You can fly you fat bastard. You can know. Anyway, that's what goes on in my head. Think about pigeons. My wife... My wife, you know, deals with real animals. Where she does... She, uh... She... Fosters animals, like, so bring these animals off the street, you know. And she doesn't tell me, like, I'll get home from doing shows. It's good to know if there's a pit bull in the bedroom. You know? Open the door, it's all dark ahead. What's that? It's bitey. Huh. Fantastic. New addition to the family. So, uh... We end up adopting. We end up keeping this one dog, right? And I love the dog. I start getting really close to the dog, you know? And then the dog develops tongue cancer. I don't know how that happens. I guess that's... Yeah, it's a sad... Maybe years upon years of lick and ear own balls. I don't know how it happens, right? So, we got to take them to the vet. The vet removes part of the tongue. Now, we barks with, like, a list, you know? He's like, like, a mitis and bark. And then you're barking, barking, and then every physical sport. Barking. Barking. And then that... He's this big dog. He's got this little bark, all the other dogs. You just fucks going on over here. And then that is... So, consequently, because of the, uh... Operation, his Salivary Glans have been compromised. He can't digest regular dog food. So, my wife cooks for him. He gets his steam broccoli and chicken. And then when she goes, Wait, she cooks for me. So, there'll be, like, a little Tupperware thing for him. And then a little one for me. Well, one... What does she... She goes away and they got mixed up. And I eat his stuff. And I'm like, this is horrible. He ate mine. And he's like, delicious! Delicious! You think the boy is... Barking is a very physical sport, you know? So... But it was Mexican food that she had made. So, about midnight... I'm in the bed chilling and I see the dog do something I've never seen him do before. He's scootin' his ass on the carpet. You ever see that? Like, ahh! Just back and forth. Like a racetrack, you know? Just... And I'm just watching it. You know, it's like Wimbleton, you know? Like, wow, look at that. Oh, there he goes again. I'm like, what's going on? Then he pulls up to the bedroom door and he starts looking. And he's panting. He's like, ahh! I'm like, you gotta go. So, I let him out of the way. But he books it elevator, he pushes the button, you know? We get downstairs like, he doesn't even make it outside. It's like, it's huge. It's like a map of Italy. There's a boot, you know? It's coming. And I got the little bag, you know? I'm trying to do the math. Like, two trains leave at midnight. How do I clean up this? And some lady from the building's like, you've been like, I'm like, lady, I need a forklift and a snow shovel. You know? Why don't we mugiver a contractor bag and make a little, you know? You know, doggy depends or something. But it was kind of funny to me. But when you laugh at that stuff, carmically it comes back to you. So, I'm in Brooklyn. I'm walking in Prospect Park one day. It's a beautiful day, about 70 degrees. Kind of a cool day. And I'm a little hungry and there's a falafel stand. So I'm like, ahh! Yeah, I was just grinding. Yeah, dude's got all his fingers. It'll be fine. You know? That's my criteria. You know? So, he's like, you want to eat one day? You want to eat one of the hot sauce? I'm like, put the hot sauce. He's like, you want to eat one of the white sauce? I'm like, put the whizzer. And put the white sauce. What a white sauce must have been sitting in the sun. Because about a half hour later, my stomach. You know, it's like that satanic. I heard his heart's hers hers. What is that? And then it's like your ass sends the rest of your body of text. Like, you know those plans you have this afternoon, you're going to be rescheduling. That's what's going down. I got middle Eastern music coming out of my ass. Mahalimahalimahana. Mahalimahalimahana. Mahalimahalimahana. Mahalimahalimahana. Wahalimahana. It's itching like there's a spider and a wool turtle neck break dancing or something back there. I'm like, oh, I got a shit. So I start to run. But you can't let the ass shake separate. You got to keep them locked together. So I'm like hobbling. I'm hobbling along and I'm getting religious. I'm like, please. Anything. I open a homeless shelter. I'll do whatever. Please. My stomach's like, I get to the bathroom. It's out of order. I'm like, no. You know, and everything's reminding me of it. There's a kid on the corner beatboxing. You know, music's coming out of the door. Do do do do do do do do. Is a homeless guy talking to himself, this fellow, this little shit. This fellow, this shit. I'm like, ow. Quiet. Some lady comes up, could you take a picture of me and my daughter? I'm like, it's not a good time. They make a picture of me. My stomach's like going to fuck out of your arm. Terrified this poor woman. So now I'm like, I'm 52. I don't want to shoot a child. I'm like, why the fuck? I'm like, no, I'm going to shoot a child. I'm like, oh, I'm about to shoot a child. I'm like, I'm going to shoot a child, I'm going to shoot a child. I'm like, I'm going to shoot a child. I'm like, I'm going to shoot a child. I'm terrified this poor woman. So now I'm like, I'm 52. I don't want to shit my pants. What am I going to do? I'm like, you know what? I'm just going to hop in these woods. There's a tree that's fallen. That's where I'm going to do. I'm going to knock it out. You know, nobody's going to know. And it stays in this room, by the way. It's got to stay in this room. Cut the cameras off. So I'm squatting there. And every time I'm about to wrap it. You know, I'm squatting. I'm like, God, this is horrible. And I look over on the other side of the tree. It's fall. There's another dude squatting. I'm like, what are the chances that we both ate at this same falloffo stand? So I kind of give him that look of solidarity. That dude looks over me and smiles. I'm like, why is he smiling? Another head pops up from behind the log. I'm like, oh, that's why people hate New York City. You think you're in a park having a family picnic? Three feet away. Someone's having an explosive diarrhea. Someone's getting blown. It's like a Bermuda triangle dysfunction. So I'm trying to finish it. You know, I'm remembering all boys' scouts stuff, three leaves in Chinese. Don't wipe the high. You know. And a bike cop comes up. It's the most embarrassing moment of my life. He's like, did you do that? I'm making stuff up like, no, it was a giant squirrel with a cup of coffee and a brand muffin. He went that way. If you pedal really fast, you could catch him. He's like, I should arrest you. I'm going to give you a tap. I'm like, arrest me. What are you going to put me on the handlebars, man? You know, it's allergy season. You better hope I don't sneeze or it's going to be officer down. Officer down. That guy looks at me and goes, I just got one question for you. He's like, what were you thinking? And I was like, that the pigeon is a beautiful bird. So I grew up in a kind of a crazy house. You know, dad, Jewish, mother, German. The un-Jewishest of the... And they were both artists. They were both artists and they used to... And they would argue a lot. They'd argue a lot. And my mom would get mad at my dad. She'd lock herself in a room play. German marching music. That was my family. I was like, I ain't scared. I ain't scared. My dad's beating on the door. You're like, you're dead. You're getting it. So I really had no choice but to go into comedy. The story gets a little darker. So my mom, you know, being German, she had a lot of beefs with people in the neighborhood. There would be like, you know, these beefs that... And, you know, there was a lady across the street, one of our neighbors, named Tina. And Tina, she always, you know, she was always fighting with Tina. And, you know, it was pretty even. It was pretty even at first. But then my mother got Alzheimer's. And, you know, it was very sad for us and everything. She started losing. And Tina would still take shots at her. You know, Tina. And so I started doing comedy and everything. And one day my mom's there and she's kind of like, and Tina comes over and she goes to me. She goes, I wonder where you get... I hear you're doing comedy. I wonder where you get your sense of humor from. Probably your crazy mother, right? And I see my mom like, and walks off, right? Because think about Alzheimer's. You'll have a little recognition. Once in a while, you get a little flashback, right? So I see my mom. Tina was scared of bugs. She had a phobia of bugs. And in DC, they had these cicadas that would leave these shells on the trees. These like translucent shells. So I see my mom walk over and grab one of the... grab one of the shells and go over to Tina. She's like, Tina, I got something for you, right? She opens her hand. Tina is terrified. But she won't show it. She won't show it. She's like, Karen, I'm not scared of that. She's like, it's just a shell. And my mom's like, that's right. It's empty like you. And crushed it, right? And Tina just had a miscarriage. So it added a little extra... Yeah, that's how we roll. That's a very German. Very German. I'm scratch. So my mother passes away and it's very sad for us. It's about seven, eight years ago. Seven, eight years ago. And you know, very sad. It's very sad. You know, and one thing she... One thing that she had was this hot sauce recipe. That everybody loved it. She used to bake it at all the parties. And it was the hottest thing you ever ate. I mean, I never experienced anything so hot. It was like, oh, the scotch bonnet peppers. The jalapeno everything. She would chop it up and everything. And she never gave anybody the recipe. It was delicious. Before she died, she left the recipe for me. She wrote it down. And so we were having a memorial at my father's house. We're having a memorial. And we were all very sad. And I'm like, you know what? I'm going to make that pepper sauce for everybody. So I get all the peppers. I'm chopping it up and looking at the recipe and everything. And this stuff is so hot. You know, it's like... You know, it's coming off. And I'm chopping up the peppers. And finally, my dad's like, look, just take a break. Go to the liquor store, get some vodka. We're going to blow this out. Right? So I'm like, all right. So I go pee. I'm driving to the liquor store. All of a sudden, I realize my dick is on fire. And I can't figure out why. It's because I touched it with the pepper hands. So by the time I get to the liquor store, I got tears coming. I got snot. I'm crying. You know, the Korean guy's like, oh, you don't look 20% off. Right? I'm driving home. Like, it keeps getting worse and worse. And worse. I'm like, I'm not going to make it. I'm going to die. I'm going to crash this car. And I'm like, I got to calm down. I got to think of what to do. And the thing is, you know, whenever you... It had been in a bad situation, you got to think about when were you in a similar situation? And what did you do to get out of it? And I remember once I went to an Indian restaurant and I had this hot sauce called Vindaloo. It was the hottest thing I ever ate. And it was so hot, I hallucinated. There was one waiter. I saw three of them. You know, are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Right? And I'm like, ah! And the guy's like, drink it. There's mango lasi. Drink it. A mango lasi. Right? And he hands me this giant white drink. I'm like, what's that? He's like, he's a yogurt. He's a cool, the daddy going to cool the inside. Drink it. A mango lasi. Right? It's a mango lasi. So I drink it immediately. It cooled the pepper. Right? It was amazing. Right? So I'm driving along. I'm like, mango lasi. Mango lasi. What got in there? You know, I get home. All the people are milling around. I'm like, mango lasi. Mango lasi. I get to the refrigerator. Open it. There's a giant vat of Stonyfield yogurt with the strawberry in the bottom. I grab that thing. I go into the bathroom. I jam my dick into this yogurt. I am fucking this yogurt. I'm balls deep. The tip is in the strawberry. I'm like, mango lasi. Mango lasi. And it feels so good. It's probably illegal. You know, it should be. But it feels so good. And I'm like, and I'm, you know, it's just crazy because I'm like, I'm crying because my mother's died. You know, I'm like, and I'm laughing because it's so ridiculous. I'm like, mango lasi. And I'm fucking this yogurt. And I turn around and the bathroom door did not close properly. And Tina is standing there with a child. Right? And the kid, the kid's looking right at me. And he goes to Tina. He goes, what is that man doing to that yogurt? And she leans over and says, people grieve in different ways. I'm DC Benny, everybody. I hope you enjoyed this show. Thank you, brokerage. Thank you, Long Island, for having me here. Miss you, mom. Good night, guys. Take care. Cheers. You You
This is me doing the stand-up. I'm sure it's not something else. 14 inches. Sorry, I'm gonna need a career. Yeah, this is really cool. Ladies and gentlemen, Jay at Power Rator. All right, all right. Florida, we are doing it. What's up? I like that I got the laugh on the Florida. There's shoes like, yes, Florida. Very funny. I've actually been spending my pandemic down here in Florida. I did my quarantine here, which was pretty amazing, because 50% of the people in Florida believe in COVID, and the other 50% will have you spend their mouth to prove they're not gay. It was wild out here. People in Florida treated COVID like it was a TV show on Netflix. They just binge it last March and then just forgot about it. You'd be out and you'd bring it up like, oh, that COVID show was crazy. And they'd be like, oh, I didn't watch that one. I'm not into sci-fi. They'd be like, I watched Tiger King, though. That was pretty good. I wasn't planning on being down here for the pandemic. What happened was I came to visit my parents and then COVID happened and now I'm retired. It's going pretty great. I'm gonna buy some white new balances tomorrow. Yeah, I'm gonna get into golf and racism next. You know? All the Florida shit. What is it about being 100 years old that makes you want to have velcro on your shoes and to be able to use the N word freely? I'm asking for my dad's neighbor. Those walls are very thin and I know he's not listening to ODB. Yeah, he's into the clan just not the Wu Tang one. This dude has the biggest Confederate flag I've ever seen in my life hanging off his porch. It's insane. Like picture card dealership big. Now double it, right? I know a lot of people say that that flag is about the history, but that one definitely about the racism. I don't get the Confederate flag. Maybe it's because I grew up in New York, but it just doesn't make sense to me. Like having a Confederate flag is like having photos of your ex girlfriend up all over your apartment. And then inviting your new girlfriend over to your apartment. I'm being like, oh, these know it's nothing weird. It's just about our history together. Oh, what do I want to do for fun? I was thinking maybe you could dress up as my ex girlfriend. We'd go back to our old apartment, re-enact fights we used to have. Yeah, for the history. What we fight about, slavery. What's I was like, I never mind. I gotta go get it tattoo removed. Don't worry who Dixie is. It's crazy. I'm living in Florida. I'm crashing with my parents right now. 38 years old. I'm crashing with my parents. This was not the plan, you know? She was going very well before the pandemic for me. I got on TV twice last year. I got shut up. It's how she email address. I'm sending them. He's not answering. But don't worry. He's busy. And now I'm crashing with my parents at 38 years old. The other day my dad asked me if I had brushed my teeth. I want to be like, motherfucker, I got great pubes. What are we doing here? And unless you start knocking, you're going to find out real soon. This dude is not knocking or he's knocking, but he's doing the knock as he opens the door. It's bullshit. Yeah, I feel like my dad is trying to catch me jerking off. Because he didn't catch me as a teenager and I feel like he thinks that's something we missed out on. Did I brush my teeth? No, motherfucker, I'm going to rip my bicycle. Leave me alone. Yes, I have my helmet. Shut up. Oh, man, I'll tell you this. I didn't think I was going to be headed into my forties, I'm going to be heading into my forties, masturbating with headphones again, but here we are. It's real. I got one Bose noise cancelling headphone on one ear. I got one eye on the door. You know how hard it is to catch a nut when you're in full panic mode? I'm just terrified my dad's going to come bursting in at any moment. Like, he got a new architectural digest. People say all this time too, you're in Florida. That must be so relaxing. It's like, yeah, if your idea of relaxing is my dad trying to catch me jerking off every 20 minutes, sure. And it's not even just the coming, like the other day, it's seven in the morning. Seven in the morning, I'm asleep. I hear a thwack, thwack, thwack, thwack, thwack. I'm like, what the fuck are we getting in vain? I roll over my dad's in my room, knee pads on, crowbar pulling up the flooring. I'm like, Jimmy, what are you doing? He's like, buddy, they're coming to replace the rug. Three weeks, we got to get this out of here right now. I can't even get mad at him. You know what I mean? Because my dad just has that dad brain. My dad has a dad brain. He can't turn it off. And the fucked up part is too. Now I have that brain too. I'm just wired that way. That's the craziest thing about living with your parents at this age. You get to see the people who installed your character defects. I'll just be sitting there at dinner and I'll just be like, oh fuck, that's why I cried in the shower. That's it, right there. It's been insane. I'm living in an old folks community right now. I know, or my mom will say, this isn't an old folks community. This is not a 55 plus community. And that's true because there are three other people right now who are living there who are also crashing with their parents. And we see each other every day on our walks and give each other knowing looks like, yeah, we fucked up. We shouldn't have followed our dreams. I should have took that bus driver's test. I could be in a union right now. This is only true before COVID. My dream was to have my own television show. Now it's just to be able to pick my own television show. Did you guys know that there are 376 shows that take place in Alaska and my dad watches every one of them? I've actually figured out how I'm going to get my own TV show. I'm just going to move to Alaska. Yeah, and I'm going to tell jokes to bears and it's going to be called Alaska's Got Talent. Oh man, it's been wild too. My parents got the Rona while I was down here. It was just crazy. I know. They're okay. They're good, which is nice. You guys are okay. You're like, I don't know. They sound kind of shitty, dude. Now they were great. That was my favorite part about my parents getting COVID. Actually, my favorite part about my parents getting COVID is the fact that I know I didn't give my parents COVID. Yeah. It's like that same feeling is when you find out your ex is pregnant and you know you're not the dad. You're like, I didn't do that. I wasn't mean, I'm cool. That is every man's biggest fear is that he's going to get his ex pregnant. For every man, no relationship is actually over until 28 days after that relationship. Yeah. For men, a relationship is like a sentence. It's not over till the period. I got that same map on my phone. I'm not shocked my parents got the Rona though. Mostly because of the fact that my mom is way too friendly. My mom is the sweetest woman on earth. Like, my mom would open mouth kiss a stranger if they asked her nicely. She'd be like, they seem sad. They asked, I don't know. And old people here in Florida would walk up to you without a mask because they're all just ready to die. Yeah, they're like a biggie small's album. Yeah, they're hoping for life after death. My parents were good about the mask though. I was really proud of them for that. That was some people hated the mask. You know, I had no problem with them. I'm a fan of science. I like that. I like that I can free ball this face to the world now though. Don't get me wrong. I was actually on a hike a couple months ago. One of my friends and I was wearing my mask and he was giving me shit about it. He was like, why are you wearing that mask right now dude? There's nobody else around. And I was like, I wear this mask for the same reason I wear a condom. Because I don't know who the fuck was there before me. Yeah, masks were like condoms for your face. Like whenever I saw a dude down public not rocking a mask, I just assumed his dick was riddled with STDs. Yeah, I imagine that dick looked like an old banana, you know? Very spotty little yellow kind of crooked. Also, by the way, you know that dude who's rocking a mask with his nose just sticking over the top? That's the dude who asks, hey, can I put in just the tip? And I put in just the tip. Also, by the way, men, the tip is the worst part. That's where the cum comes out of. Stop asking to put that in. Yeah, like if a dude's like ladies, if a dude says, hey, can I put in just the tip? You'd be better off going, hey, how about just the balls? Because that's where they keep the cum but nobody's getting pregnant, you know what I mean? Like you'd be better off going in soft and sideways. That's all I'm trying to say. My friend too was giving me shit. It's too, I feel like you're wearing that mask because you don't trust me. And I was like, yeah, motherfucker, I don't. He was like, that's fucked up. Why don't you trust me? And I was like, dude, you got herpes from a stripper in Dallas in your 30s. Like if that shit happened in your 20s, I understand people make mistakes and he was like, that's fucked up, you know I was drunk. And I was like, motherfucker, I was blacked out from 13 to 29. And my dick still looks like it rolled off the factory floor. That's not totally true. I got this one weird scar in the bottom but we don't have time to get into that tonight. Yeah, it just knows 13, I was wearing that condom to the mall. I was trying to be ready at all times. Yeah, there was a manager for every 21, I was very fond of. Maybe today. Maybe today. I actually had to move twice during the pandemic. The first time I moved because my girlfriend wanted a much nicer place. The second time I moved because my girlfriend did not want me in that place. Yeah, I went through a little bit of a COVID breakup. We did what's called a conscious uncoppling. Do you guys know what that is? Yeah, that's when you break up but you still have six months left on that lease. And it's weird when you live with your ex because when you live with your ex you can't have sex. You can't have sex with anyone else and you can't leave dishes in the sink. So by weird, I mean it's exactly like still dating my ex. I should have seen that shit comment too because when we first started dating she said to me, Hey, I think we should write our names in all of our books in case we break up. Yeah, I'm not an English professor but I believe that's what they call four shadowing. And now I'm single for the first time in a decade. It's crazy. 10 years. I haven't been single in 10 years. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you. It's wild. I was with this woman for six years before that I was married for four and a half years. Like the last time I was single Barack Obama was in his first term as president. Tinder hadn't been invented yet and people weren't openly talking about eating ass. Yeah, the times have changed. These 20 year olds are psychos. They're out there eating ass. I don't give a fuck. I'm not doing it. Call me old fashioned. I'll do anything but a U.S. Actually, that's what I'm going to write on my Tinder profile. I'll do anything but a U.S. I'll go sign on alone. I got great credit. I got an A10. Yeah, I don't know if you know shit about credit scores. That's a fucking good one. I own a 2016 Toyota Prius paid for it in cash with dick jokes. I own a car. I'm not eating your asshole. Fuck off. This is only 20 year olds were actually eating so much ass at the beginning of the pandemic. New York State governor Andrew Cuomo had to send down an email telling them to calm down on the eating ass. Do you know how much ass you have to eat to get the government involved? I imagine it's assed by the pounce. I do not know. 20, I mean 20 year olds, your gross. Knock it off. It's disgusting. I shouldn't talk shit though. I was the grossest 20 year old in the world. I think between the years of like 2001 and 2011 I brushed my teeth like three times. I know I might as well have been eating ass. My breath already tasted like it. Also 20 year old men Irish spring that is not soap. That is the government cheese of soap. Knock it off. Get yourself something with an oatmeal in it. Something that exfoliates. You're worth it. You know what? I'm lying to you guys. I probably would hate assing my 20s. I probably would because I didn't have any confidence in my 20s. I didn't really like myself that much in my 20s. That's why I drank a lot in my 20s. And alcohol. The reason was alcohol will give you confidence. And I know that for a fact is one time when I was drunk I invited a woman back to my apartment when I knew I didn't have electricity. Yeah, she came too or she didn't come but she like showed up in the middle of the night. You guys know what I mean. That's not even the most embarrassing thing I ever did in my 20s. This is totally true. One time while I was having sex with a woman I said to her, I can't believe you're letting me do this right now. I know. Have you ever seen someone realize they made a mistake while you're inside of them? I know. I don't know what the opposite of getting wet is but I definitely did that for her. So that was kind of cool. I guys would feel like a magician. I was like, we're once there was a river. Now there's a desert. I actually said to dot the end. It was pretty fucked up. I feel bad for people in their 20s. There's 20s who's the hardest spirit in your life. Nobody tells you that. The 20s is the roughest spirit in your life. Your 20s is like a second purity but instead of getting hair on your balls you have to learn to pay your own vision and dental. It's bullshit. It's so hard. Like when you're in your 20s and you go through a breakup you're like, oh my god my life's over. I don't know what I'm going to do. When you're in your 30s and you go through a breakup you're like, oh my god I need a new fucking mattress. Like when I was in my 20s and I was so poor and broke living in New York City starting out and stand up comedy my room was so small. I couldn't have a regular size bed in there. I had to have a bunk bed. Yeah, try being 26 and picking up a woman with a bunk bed. She'd be like, hey you want to go back to your place and I'd have to be like, hey are you afraid of heights? And you can't have crazy wild sex in a bunk bed. That shit's not happening. There's only two positions sideways and disappointed. That's it. Yeah, like a girl has to get on top. That means I'm underneath a bed jerking off. I used to tell women to that I had a loft bed but then they thought we were going back to make love in my loft apartment. When the truth is they were about to get side fucked and what used to be somebody's co-closet. Also, 20-year-old dudes in here, I want to give you a piece of advice because I had a hard time with women in my 20s and I want to tell you this because I want a woman to fuck you more than once. Yeah, because here's the thing. If you're a 20-year-old man and you're in here, there is a device that you can buy that you can keep in your bedroom that will greatly increase the chances of a woman having an orgasm and it will greatly increase her chances of her coming back to have sex with you again. It's a very simple device you can get it anywhere and it's called a bed frame. Do you hear that? Those are some women who fuck some starving artists, right there. Get yourself, get your fucking mattress off the floor. No woman wants to be fucking a dude whose mattress is on the floor. Look, and I'm not even saying that she needs to be like, west down. Get fucking four center blocks and a piece of plywood. She has goals, she has aspirations, she has hopes. No woman wants to be banging a dude and be reminded how close she is to her bottom. Both physically, emotionally and mentally. I'm not even trying to fuck anybody right now. I'm sure, I'm not giving fuck right now. You know what I mean? Like in your 20s, I'm trying to fuck. I'm in my th- I don't care. You know what I mean? Like, I'm not available right now. I'm not. And I'm not in a relationship and I'm not single. What this is is happily alone. That's what I am right now. Yeah, it's the best. It's the best. Like, I know someone will fuck me in my thirties. That's the difference. Like, I know someone will fuck me now because I have skills. I bring shit to the table. You know what I mean? I know how to roast a whole chicken. Yeah, I own a lot, Chrisette. That's French cookware. Someone will fuck me. 20-year-old men pick up skills by spices. Spices are the things that go in cabinets. Cabinets are what I used to put empty jacked annuals bottles on top of. Yeah, because I thought that was art in my 20s. I was like, look at all of my about accomplished. But now, I'm not trying to fuck any of these people. I can give a shit. Because here's the thing. I like me now. I didn't like me in my 20s. So now, if you want to fuck me, you got to be cool. You got to like bring shit to the table. Like, if you want to fuck me, you got to have a 401k. Yeah. Because one of us is going to need it. And also, by the way, I don't need anyone to fuck me now because I can fuck me. Yeah. Yeah. And after I fuck me, I'm going to watch the movie I want to watch. Yeah, I'm never watching Gilmore Girls again. That shit's over. I don't give a fuck what's happening in Star's Hollow right now. I don't know what it is about my dick, but apparently it pairs very well with Gilmore Girls. Like, if my dick was on Netflix, Netflix would be like, you also might like the Gilmore Girls. I don't want to make it sound like a man-tied relationship, though. I love relationships. I think relationships are amazing. Like, the last relationship I was in was incredible. The woman was great. I learned so much during that relationship. And I grew a lot during it. And by that, I mean I got fat as fuck. I got so fat in that relationship, but I feel like that's nature's way of telling you you're in love. You know what I mean? Like, nature's like ice cream donuts. You're not going anywhere, buddy. Like, if you ever see one of your friends after they start dating somebody new and you see them coming in, you're like, oh shit! And they're like, dude, Stephanie's amazing. I'm in love. And you're like, I can tell, you're rocking a 2X right now. I didn't know Diabetes was a side-effective love. Happy for your heart, worried for your toes. My whole goal after my break up is I just wanted to become an internet thirst trap. You literally covered your mouth on that. It was great. I know. Thank you. And so far, I've lost 37 pounds since the... Thank you. And so far, after shows two women have slid into my DMs. Thank you. I have not responded yet. I'm just way too nervous. Now that I think this sex will be bad, I'm just afraid we'll pop my blow-up mattress. There's actually a term for when you have sex on a blow-up mattress. It's called dry-docking. It's now because you're having sex outside of a pool. It's just because no one can get wet while getting fucked on top of a floatation device. Should I have said, WAP? Do you think that would have been funnier if I said WAP? Everyone knows what WAP is, right? Or WAP, depending on... Yeah. I guess, yeah. I mean, if Bernie Sanders knows who Cardi B is, everyone's gonna know who Cardi B is, right? Like if Bernie Sanders had home with a mitten stirring up out of macaroni, like, yeah, it does kind of sound like pussy. After the break-up, I decided I was gonna come here to Florida to see my parents stay with my folks. I was worried about Corona, so I was like, I'm gonna camp the whole way. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm just not gonna stay in hotels. And I don't know if you guys can tell from my vibe so far. I'm not much of a camping guy. Like, I don't know shit about camping. Like, okay. So how do I get into this? So I had to take a shit in a garbage bag in the woods, okay? And I was in Albuquerque, New Mexico, very windy state. Not the state to be shitting in a garbage bag in the woods. Gale for Swins in Albuquerque, New Mexico. I picked a place called Packout, which literally means you have to take your shit with you. Which I didn't know. And I was talking to my manly camper friend about it. He was like, well, what technique did you use? And I was like, technique, I shat into a bag in the woods. And he was like, yeah, but you went through the legs, right? And I was like, oh, no, I went full-skier. And he was like, full-skier. I was like, yeah, you know, full-skier. Like, you know when they're taking off at the Olympics, that was me and I was going for the bronze. And here's the thing. I opened my car door to try to block the wind, but wind can go under car doors, lifting garbage bags. Basically making me look like a giant beaver, shitting in the woods. Let's put it this way. I've now officially been camping zero times I've shit on my hand once. And it's weird when you shit on your hands in the woods. I imagine it's a lot like when you bury a body in the woods. Like, there's a lot of wet wipes involved and you hope no one ever finds out about it. Yeah, I got hotels the next two nights too because I would rather get COVID than shit on my hands again. It's wild. Me and the ex, we were fucking serious, man. We were talking about whether or not we wanted to get married. Clearly not. When I was her little four-year-old niece just walked out of me in Disneyland in front of her whole entire family and just went, why won't you marry my aunt? I know it's like, hey kid, she had the fuck up. I didn't actually say that. I love her. She's the greatest. But I couldn't tell her the truth. You know, I couldn't be like, well, your aunt's been married before and she's still working through some shit spiritually. So pretty much it's on her at this point. It was scary because we had both been married before so we both knew how hard it was and we both knew how much fucking wedding cost. This is totally true. Average cost of a wedding in New York City, where I'm originally from, $60,000. Yeah, you guys know $60,000, right? Like the amount of money I made in my 20s if we were around up by $37,000? $60,000. This is why I feel like young people shouldn't be allowed to get married. Or not that young people shouldn't be allowed to get married, but you should have to be married like five years before you can throw yourself a wedding. Because like, young people don't know what to do with money. Young people will be fine. No people will be like, no you won't. Like, if you ask any older couple who's been married for more than five years if they were throwing themselves a wedding, hey, do you want to spend $10,000 on appetizers? They'll be like, you can go to hell. There's older couples known, nobody gives a shit about the appetizers that you're wedding. Like, people only care about one thing at a wedding. And it's not your love. It's the open bar. You could have six kegs of beer and some totinos, pizza rolls and people would be like, this is a pretty good wedding. I also feel like you should have to go on your honeymoon before you get married. That's something I believe. I think you should have to go on your honeymoon. Some people say, live together before you get married. I think honeymoon. Because if you can't get along in Hawaii, you're sure shit not going to make it in Cleveland. And also, by the way, no more destination weddings. I'm out. I'm done. I'm not renewing my passport to watch you make a mistake. And also, by the way, if you do have a destination wedding and you get divorced in the first five years, we're all getting refunds now. And you're flying us to your divorce and you're having it somewhere fun like Acapoco. My idiot, Guido cousin? Yeah. And I say, Guido in the meanest way possible. And if you don't know what a Guido is, it's just a dude who's covering hundreds of tattoos of Jesus bleeding. He'd be like, hey, Sal, what's the last religious thing you did? And he'd be like, what are you talking about? I just gave up fingering, Follett. Yeah, peace be with you, buddy. Hey, you're insane of meatballs that guy. On his scar face wedding, he spent $180,000. Yeah, $180,000 to his bride could feel like a princess for the day. When for $180,000, she could have became the actual queen of Detroit. Very cheap property there. $180,000. And I don't even remember that much about that wedding. Isn't that crazy? Or I remember two things. There were giant marble staircases. She had to walk down before we could eat. And there were piles of cheese stacked up like blow. Like so much cheese, if anyone ate all the cheese, they wouldn't ship for three years. Isn't that crazy? I went to a wedding that cost as much as seven key assaults. All I remember, stairs, cheese. That's it. That's fucked up. Like they spent $180,000 on a wedding. Only thing they had to show for it at the end of that wedding was a photo album of them spending $180,000. Once again, this is why I feel like young people shouldn't be allowed to get married. Because if that was any older couple, if you gave any older couple the option between you could have a photo album to remember this day for the rest of your life. Or you could afford a stackable washer and dryer. Yeah, there's not an old couple. There's not an old couple. Isn't like give me the fucking world, Popeye Bade. A mother or three would kick her own pastor in the pussy for in-unit laundry. But young people are like, no, we need that photo album. We need to remember this day for the rest of our lives. Bullshit. I've been married. I'm divorced. I got one of those photo albums. I'm not doing shit with it. But I know what I'm going to do with it. I'm going to photoshop my new girlfriend's face on top of my ex-wife's face. Yeah, and then when I propose to her, I'm going to give her that photo album. I'm just like, hey, I just saved us $10,000. I got divorced for the memories and most people get divorced. I picked wrong. Yeah. I went with opposite attract. Yeah, opposite's also fuck a bartender named Craig. So, oh, do you guys think I fuck Craig? I didn't fuck Craig. I could of though. Don't get weird about it. I like to think of Craig's dick as like the iceberg on the Titanic. It got me off the ship. Also, by the way, if you're in here and you're in your 20s and you're thinking about getting married right now, don't fucking do it. Statistically, people get married in their 20s versus people wait till their 30s, don't make it. Like, let's put it this way. If you bought an unframed poster in the past decade, you're not ready to be married. You're not responsible enough to be part of a joint checking account. This is totally true. On my honeymoon, I bought a Nirvana t-shirt. I could have just told you that and you would have been like divorced. Also, by the way, if you're in here and you're 20s right now and you're thinking about getting a tattoo, don't fucking do it. You're taste, much like the person you're here with now, gonna change. Like, when I was in my 20s, I wanted to get a Dave Matthews band tattoo. Yeah, now as an adult, I know I don't like Dave Matthews band. I just like being drunk outside. That's not totally true. I mean, I love being drunk outside, but I just celebrated eight years sober, which is crazy. Thanks. Thanks a bunch. It's funny. Sometimes I'll tell people that and they'll be like, but you smoke weed though, right? And I'm like sober and they're like, so we... That's like a guy going to girls like, I'm a virgin, I'm saving myself from marriage and the dude's like, so butt's up right? I didn't quit smoking weed though because I had a problem with weed. I quit smoking weed because I got tired of looking for my cell phone with the flashlight on my cell phone. And it's fucking... And it's crazy now because weed is just legal in so many states around the country, you can just walk into a store and buy weed over the counter. It's nuts. Like, when I was a kid, if you wanted to buy weed, you had to go to like a parking lot or a substitute teacher. Hey, you got to be a guy. There was a protocol involved. I'm worried about these kids. They're not going to have life skills. And now there's all these different kinds of weed. It's crazy. There's like indica, sativa, bubble-cush, northern lights. Like, it's nuts. Like, when I was a kid, there was only two kinds of weed. There was dirt weed and there was laced weed. That's it. You're either not getting high or getting way too fucking high. Like, this is totally true. First two times I smoked weed, nothing happened. Third time I smoked weed, it was PCP. I'm happy you enjoyed that mis because I did not. Has anyone here ever been so high that they watched cartoons for two hours and then realized the television wasn't on? Yeah, turns out Mitt Romney, not one of the power buff girls. And here's the thing about when you smoke angel dust. It's going to last a lot longer than you were planning. And you're 15 and you got to curfew and you got to be home real soon. And you know who's going to notice that you're on PCP right away? Your mom. She's going to pick some shit out. And I don't know what gave me away. The fact that I wasn't wearing a t-shirt or it was December in New York. But she knew. And as soon as I walked into the door, my mom was like, are you high right now? And I was like, no, I'm on gold slugger. That's what I told her. I just admitted to a completely different crime. That's how I know I can never commit an actual crime. Because if a cop was ever like, have you been drinking and driving? And I'd be like, no, I murdered a drifter. So, what do you want? What do you want? And the craziest thing to me too now is like, even though I'm sober, I travel around. And it's crazy me when I go to a state that doesn't have legal weed. Because it's always for like the most bullshit excuses. They're like, well, what if the kids get it? They'll get cooler taste of music. They'll be fine. And people are like, yeah, but it's a gateway drug. And I'm like, yeah, to reggae, they'll be fine. Like by a round of applause, how many people in here have smoked weed before? Yeah, my favorite of the people were high now because they raised their hand. President. President. I'm here. Now by a round of applause, how many people have done heroin? Yeah, that's a pretty thing game. Now one of us managed to shimmy through it. That's why I'm scared to have kids. I'm scared to have kids because I don't want to pass these shitty Irish alcoholic genes down to my children. Like, I don't want to just give them these Irish genes of mild depression and varicose veins. My biggest fear about having kids though is I'm afraid that I'm gonna have a girl. And more so I'm afraid that I'm gonna have a girl who looks like me. And I don't mean like the little girl version of me. I mean like me now. Curly as this. Because we've all seen that girl who looks like her dad and she looks like a little 40 year old plumber. And I don't want to do that shit to my baby girl. Like picture me in pigtails and address. Yeah, no one's fucking that kid. Or not. I didn't mean it like that. I'm gonna know what's fucking that 35 year old adult. 35's weirder, I think actually. What age do I want my daughter to get fucked at? Yeah. 17. Yeah. 17, prom night. He got a motel, some candles. If you're fucking my baby you're spending some money. Yeah. Kevin from the baseball team. Strong hands. Maybe a catcher, you know? Okay, that went too far. Look, I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. I've never talked about this on stage before I never will again. I know 35's too old. I don't want my daughter walking around in 35. Like one day my prince will come and sell my life. Yeah, we've all seen those people in the world running through a park yelling at pigeons like get out of my way. I have a doctorate. I have a doctorate. Speaking of the un-fucked, I got a good story I get it. Right before everything shut down, I went to Vegas to see a concert with all my friends. We went to go see Elton John play, the farewell yellow brick road tour. Unreal. He played for three and a half hours in that whole set. There was one song I didn't know. When that song came on, I was like perfect time to get a t-shirt. So I went down to get a t-shirt and they had that shit roped off like space mountain and I went to the wrong side. I looked around Noah's there, I was like, fuck it, I'm going underneath. And the second I go underneath, I just hear, now, now. Like I'm a puppy, shitting on a carpet. And I just look up and there's this red face woman storming towards me and I'm like, oh my God, miss. I'm so sorry. I didn't see you. Please go right ahead of me. She's like, you goddamn right, I'm going to go ahead of you jerk. My friends like, why is he a jerk? He's letting you go ahead of him. And she's like, shut up your shit head. Who gets that angry at an Elton John concert? I'll tell you, a lady wasn't come in a hundred years. And in that moment I just burst out laughing and she goes, you know what, go fuck yourself. And I was like, you know what? I did earlier today. That's probably why I'm being pretty chill about this whole thing right now. Maybe if you would have went and fucked yourself, we wouldn't be in this situation right now. Yeah, we both be back in our seats listening to tiny dancer. Maybe we need to get you a pocket rocket man of love. How did I get on that? Sorry. Oh, it's talking about my daughter, no one would fuck her. Okay, here we go. She'd have way too hard of a life grown up. She'd show up for like her first day at school and they'd be like, what do you want to be when you grow up little girl? And she'd be like princess and they'd be like, how about heating and cooling technician? Women also just have it way harder than dudes. That's why I'm scared to have a daughter because women have to deal with way more fucking bullshit than men do. Like right now they're trying to ban abortion again. That should crazy to me. Like that's it's also never going to happen though. Mostly because of the fact that no millennials can afford to have kids, none of us. Yeah, you want to know I know that every millennial I know is still in their parents phone family plan. Like if you can't afford a team mobile, you can't afford a baby. Like the only way millennials could afford to have kids is if seven of us shared one like an HBO Max password. Also, women have to deal with the luxury tax. That's another bullshit thing. Women have to deal with it. It's in extra seven to ten percent tax on top of pads, tampons, puri-chit. It's bullshit. I said that in Cleveland a couple months ago this dude in the front row was like good. And I was like a hobo woman freebleeds all the front seat of your Volvo. My diva cop crew over here. I know my ex was afraid to have kids too. I know that because she said to me, you better not get me pregnant. I know. I know. And she said it just like that. Like we were two partners in a buddy cop film who hadn't started trusting each other yet. Like she was just like, you better not get me pregnant. I panicked. I was like, well you better watch your back. Yeah, because that's where I'm going to put it. You guys get the boy. I'm just kidding. She would never let me do that. Very sexually progressive. Just hate some mess. Here's the thing. I don't want to get anyone pregnant. I like to have kids one day but those are two totally different things. Like one of them involves a birthing plant. The other the word oops. Yeah, like when I have kids I want to use words like excited and ecstatic. I don't want to make the same sounds as if I just drop some red wine on a carpet. Just like, oh fuck. Oh shit I'm so sorry. I could totally pay to have that taken out. Oh fuck you guys. Don't know how that show happened. Yeah. Yeah, applauding was the right response. One and three women have had an abortion. So right now if you hear of like your mom, your sister in your aunt, you're honest, statistically making one of the very uncomfortable. Yeah, I'm a feminist. I am. I am. I'm a male feminist. I got yelled at for that shit the other day. You're not supposed to gender it. I don't know why I'm smiling while saying that. This is totally true. Once I'm in North Carolina and I told to do there was a male feminist and I swear to God I think he thought I meant transgender. He was just like so which bathroom do you pay it and I was like we can't have a conversation. Just give me the fucking slurping. Also by the way I couldn't even get my ex pregnant like she had an IUD. My sperm is not stronger than science. And also for those of you men in here who don't know what an IUD is, it's this little tiny crossbow that your girlfriend puts inside her. Yeah. That's exactly what it looks like. It looks like you're trying to hunt the predator down there. Or she doesn't put it in there. A doctor puts it in there. If she put it in there, don't fuck that lady. Well if she got like a KMR doing it at home kind of kid, you don't bang that lady. You marry that lady. She's thrifty. I recently made an IUD for dudes. I really do. I think they would be incredible if they made an IUD for men. But instead of stopping dudes from getting pregnant it would just stop us from sleeping with women we shouldn't have kids with. Yeah. We could call it something like dignity. Self-respect any of these names work. They better have a former male birth control by the time I have a son. I'm not letting that kid go free swinging that dick in the streets. No way. I know what kind of stock my kid came from. I wish my parents would have kept my dick in a box so it was 28 years old. Then at least I'd have like an associate's degree. Yeah. Now when I fill out paperwork I have to check some college. I might as well write in all alcoholism. I also just had my first pregnancy scare when I was super young. I was way too young. I was 13 years old. Yeah, yeah, I know. I don't look like I guy who was fucking at 13. I look like a man who's still saving himself for the Lord now. 13. That's way too young. You want to know it's too young. I showed up on rollerblades to find out about it. I got there and she was like, you're probably going to want to take those off for this. And here's the crazy part. When she told me I swear to God I was like, well, I'm definitely losing my allowance over this shit. By the way, I was not planning on having sex at 13. I didn't think I was like the man. You know what I mean? What happened was my parents were afraid I was already having sex. So my mom put condoms in my top drawer and told me they could be used on your wedding night but they're there if you need them. I know. Cool ass mom. I told my girlfriend and she was like, we need them. I know. I know. And I was like, thank you, mommy. My favorite part of the... My favorite part about that story too is even the fact that I got to have sex. It means that there was a day where my mom and my dad went to a CVS together. Walked down that condom aisle. Had to look at the 24 packs, the 12 pack, and the 3 pack and they had to ask themselves, how much do we believe in this kid? They went with the 3 pack, a pervert amount. They knew their baby boy. But I was smart. I was smart. I was smart. I didn't want my parents to know I was having sex. So I did my own little CVS condom recon mission, right? And I go to that CVS and I walk down that condom aisle and there's literally hundreds of condoms. And I don't know what to do. I'm 13. I'm looking at all these condoms and I don't know what to get. And all of a sudden I see the ones that say magnums and I'm like, magnums. That sounds cool. So I pick up the magnums and I go to take them up to the front but I get some like other shit to camouflage them in with. I pick up my Flintstones truables, peanut M&Ms. Head up to the front and the lady starts checking me out and then she gets to the magnums. She looks at the magnums, looks at me and just goes, yeah, these aren't for you. And she was right. She was doing me a solid. I would have been tying the other hip off as a water balloon. I better have a fucking IUD for my son. That's all I'm saying. This is totally true. I was on stage in Cleveland, Ohio a couple months ago. And while I was on stage talking about IUDs, this lady just yells out from the back of the room. They don't know where mine is. And I was like, what? And she was like, yeah, it's just kind of lost inside of me. And I was like, what are you doing here? And she was like, the doctor said it'll resurface. Resurface. What is it a fucking Russian summer? Like with someone going down paroscopes on your pussy and just knock that thing loose? Do we need to go in a hunt for the red October right now? That's not even the craziest part of this story. After the show I'm outside, I'm meeting the audience, shaking hands, taking pictures. Totally different woman comes up to me and she was like, yeah, IUDs, they're crazy. And I was like, yeah? And she was like, yeah, every two weeks you got to get in there and you got to check for the strings. And I was like, what? And she was like, yeah, every two weeks you got to get in there and you got to check for the strings. And I was like, I don't have to do anything. I was like, I'm not going to do anything. Who raised these people in Cleveland? My son's getting that fucking IUD. I got fears about having kids. It's not even just that. Like, I'm also, I don't want to pass my shitty jeans down to my kids. Now, I was born severely dyslexic and I was born with a form of nerve damage. You're my hands. It caused my hands to shake. It's the reason why every Instagram video man looks like a boomerang. It's also the reason why every conversation I've ever had with the cops is ended with, yeah, I'm still going to have to look in the trunk. I love my shaking hands now though. Of all my disabilities, shaking hands is definitely my favorite one. As a kid, I was super embarrassed by it and maybe feel super weird now. It's way more fun than I'm not just talking about sexually. Like, think about the most boring thing in your guy's life, for example. Like, think about soup, for example. For you guys, soup, very boring. For me, soup is like an action movie. The people I'm sitting at the table with are like, I don't know if he's going to make it. Spoiler alert, I never make it. I'm so dyslexic too. I'm super dyslexic. Like, I'm so dyslexic. I'd say, after this show, go ahead and follow me on Twitter if you hate spelling and grammar and love puzzles. By the way, the guy who came up with a name and spelling for dyslexia, huge asshole. Was there from the get reader spell too? Well, let's throw a silent Y in there. Why? Because fuck, I'm gonna be funny for the rest of us. As a dyslexic person, texting is a nightmare. The only thing worse than texting, sexting. Yeah, because this is my job. I travel for a living. I'm normally on the road like 40 weekends at a year and it's very hard to keep it spicy with the woman you're dating when she thinks you're constantly trying to slide into her Virginia. But then talk to text came out and that she was like a game changer for me. But even that would have its hiccups. And I'd be like, ooh, do you like that? And Siri would be like, yeah, not so much. And every time I'm doing my talk to sex, like I said, I'm always in some hotel room. And there's always a connecting door and I'm always terrified on the other side of that door is some sweet family on vacation. And they hear me doing my talk to sex and Siri's always fucking up the word so you gotta keep repeating yourself. So I'm just in there like panties. panties panties. Like, no, why would I want to wear her pastries? Fuck off. We all have our things, you know? I also have cerebral palsy. I normally don't talk about all these topics back to back because then it sounds like I'm trying to start myself on fucking foundation. That's the crazy thing about having all my disabilities too. Like, you couldn't tell by looking at me. Like, if I parked in a handicap spot at a store and you saw me walk into a target, you'd be like, I'm keen this motherfucker's car. I would fall, break a lot of bones and shit like that because of my CP. The worst thing that the worst for me that ever really happened when I was in sixth grade, I had both my legs, put them walking casts to stretch my Achilles send it out. And to cheer me up, my parents said we were going to take a trip. Now, in your logical 12 year old kidbrae, when you hear trip, where do you think we're going? Exactly, the Hooters on Stan Island. I don't know how you guys all did that at once. That was fucking impressive. And here's the thing, I'm 38 years old. I still wonder to this day sometimes, who pitched that idea, my mom or my dad. Because think about that. Well, isn't that doctor's office? Have my little facet legs taped up to look like giant cannolis? What am I going to be out in that waiter room like, hey, wouldn't it be funny? We take the boys, see some boobies? I used that voice because I hope it was my dad. And not my mom just like, hey, you know what I always cheers you up, boobies. And as soon as we walked through the door of this Hooters, my parents lied to these waitresses and told them it's my birthday. Do you guys know what they do at Hooters when it's your birthday? They make you stand on top of a plastic chair and you air jerk off salt and pepper shakers, well they sing you happy birthday. Yeah, like I had to do that shit in front of my mom and dad. And I was 12, it wasn't like I didn't know what this was. It was the year jerk and off showed up. And it showed up in a big way. Like the two biggest things that you're in my room were masturbation and the way this is wonderwall. Yeah, it was a constant trampoline supernova. My dad's a man's man too. My dad's a guy's got my dad's a New York City firefighter and a blue collar Republican. I'm a New York City liberal and I do this for a living. I know it is funny. Sometimes I do think to myself like is there any way you could be a bigger disappointment to your New York City firefighter father? Then I think yeah, gay terrorists. Which by the way is what my dad calls a yoga instructor. I love my dad. I love hanging out with my dad. The only problem is when we hang out sometimes my dad's guy guy friends come and they're all like this types of guys who would like smack a chick on the ass and be like, Hey, what's the matter with me? What's the matter with you? That's a compliment. You should smile more. You got a pretty face. We read this Yankees game a couple summers ago and this dude was like, Hey, what do you do for live in pal? How what do you do? You make someone with your hands? What do you do? And I was like, oh, I'm never going to tell you. And he was like, come on. What do you do? And my dad, the dude, it sold me out immediately. He's like, oh him? He's a comedian. And they're like, oh, you comedian tells the joke funny guy come on. Andrew Dites Clay tells the joke. Two shows I was like, oh, no. And that guy got pissed. He was like, sure, whatever, whatever your comedian, your comedian. Then he got up to get everyone else beers. But right before he leaves, he just leans in and taps me and goes, I'm sweating like a Jew in an old idiot. Yeah. And they all start hysterical laughing. And then another one of them taps me and goes, now that's a comedian. No, it's not. That's just a racist. We're good timing. That's it. Have you ever seen one of those dudes who works out but does no cardio? So he just looks like something ripped the arm stuff and he man and put him on a Mr. Potato head? That was that dude mustache and all and he kept he kept bragging. He kept bragging the whole game about how he got laid. Then I before he was like last night, I totally did it with this chick and then she left stuff in my apartment so she could come back so we could do it again. And I was like, are you sure it wasn't because she was like, oh, I got to get the fuck out of here. The fucked up parties though is guys like that guy and guys like my dad make the best dad mostly because the fact that their kids fear them. Like that's not going to be the case for my generation. Like none of our kids are going to fear us. Mostly because the fact that none of us are going to work the kinds of jobs you come home and beat your kids from. Like nobody comes home from a hard day of graphic designing. And beats their kid. Like you've never heard anyone be like, oh no, look out. That's Photoshop crashed. My dad's idiot friend too is one of those dudes who rocks up pop collar. You ever see one of those gentlemen? Yeah, by the way, if you don't know what the pop collar means, basically what the pop collar means is that guy is two buttlight lines away from telling you what he really thinks about Puerto Ricans. He's racist. That's not a pop collar as much as it is a reverse clue-clux clan hoodie. And for some reason it's salmon. And this dude was like, dude, let me give you a little bit of a vice. And I was like, oh, I totally want to vice for my man who's just like a dog that just got back from the vet. What's up? And he was like, when you dated chick, you got to date a chick who loves sports, a chick who loves sports. And his whole logic was it's like being with one of the guys. It's like being with one of the guys. I don't know, me personally. Any time I'm fucking anybody, I want it to be like none of the guys. Like, you're never going to hear me say like, oh, wait until you meet my new girlfriend, Jessica, you'll totally love her. She'll totally remind you of Greg. It's not going to happen. I did one time go out on a date with a woman who loves sports and it clearly went terrible because I'm like this guy, you know what I mean? And about halfway through the date, a one point this lady just turned to me and to my face, she just went, you know, they don't make men like they used to anymore. Yeah, I know my face, but the fucked up parties I totally had to agree with her. Because if they did, I would have to hit her for having an opinion on men. To be very clear, that is a joke about how I don't hit women. My dad's idea friend found out I was getting divorced at the time too. He's like, oh, bro, you're getting divorced? You better be careful. Because if you end up getting divorced, she could get half of your shit. And I was like, really, that actually sounds pretty good because right now she already has all of my shit. I'd love to get some of that back. Also, by the way, when you're broke and you're going through a divorce, it's not like you have a lot of shit to split up. It's like, oh, do you want this half-useful of burnt CDs or this D-battery? Yeah, I'll let her keep the D-battery. This way she can put her in her vibrator and go fuck herself. That's my favorite one too. Also, by the way, none of you ladies come up to me and have the show and be like, hey, just so you know, vibrators don't take D-batteries, they take triple A's. I know that shit. Also, get yourself a fucking rechargeable. You can come and save the environment at the same time. You plug that little USB end in to the end of your laptop while you watch porn. Kill two clits with one stone. This is totally true. Before me and my ex-wife got divorced, we didn't have sex for a whole year. Yeah, I know, and we were only married two years. Right before we got divorced, I told her, I was like, hey, I think we should move to Portland, Oregon. And what she said to me is, oh, you should go move to the woods and go fuck yourself. Yeah, so now I'm going to try to change. I would have just been in the woods. And I met my new girlfriend, and we started having sex. Lots of it. Yeah. We started having so much sex after the first week she had to get a monostat. Oh fuck you guys, do not make that noise. 50% of the people on this planet have vaginas and 99% of the time they get a yeast infection is because of one of those dirty dicks. So why should God damn dicks, gentlemen. Yeah, my situation was more of a loop situation. Stay away from those blue charging condoms with the arm of a loop. Here's the thing about monostat though, when you go to buy a lady a monostat, they duct tape that shit and they put a security sensor on it. Yeah, here's the thing, if somebody doesn't have the money to buy that, let them fucking steal it. Yeah, like if my dick was on fire and you sold fire extinguishers and I didn't have 20 bucks to give you and you wouldn't let me use it, you're a piece of shit. Yeah, fuck you CVS, that's what I'm trying to say with that joke. My whole goal in comedy, my whole goal in comedy is I just want to get famous enough one day where I could start my own foundation. We're outside of every CVS, I'm going to have like my own kind of red box situation. But instead of movies, it's just going to be filled with monostat and cranberry pills. Yeah, and all that shit's going to be free, it's going to be called the box box. Yeah, we're not going to have pads in it though because then every 28 days we still have to call it the red box. Here's the other thing about monostat, I know you weren't expecting this much monostat stuff to come out of a man in a Canadian tuxedo, but buckle up, here we go. There's two different one day monosets, why the fuck are there two one day monosets? It's in the name one, that should be it. There's an obvious and there's a preloaded stick, I fucked up, I bought the wrong one and then I brought it home and I showed it to my girlfriend at the time and she was like, oh I can't use this because if I use it it'll burn like the wrath of a law. Yeah, direct quote, she's very funny. And I was like, no problem, I'm a man, I'll bring the shit back, I don't give a fuck, but I forgot the bag in the receipt at home. And as soon as I walked through the door of that CVS, what do you think happens? Yeah, that fucking security sensor went off and I pulled a monostat out of my pocket and the security guard looked at me like I just opened up a vest of dynamite. He just looked down to the floor and was like, do whatever the fuck you got to do and get out of here. So I went and got preloaded stick and I took a stick and I'll be up to the counter and I said to the lady, I need to exchange this for this and she goes, oh fuck yeah, no problem. She goes, I just need your receipt and I go, oh my god, I left it at home in the bag and she goes, oh without receipt I can't help you. CVS policy, fuck CVS. And I panicked, I did the only thing I could think to do when I just leaned over the counter, I put my hand on this lady's hand, I said lady, look, I know you've got a heart. But you also got a pussy, so let's make this thing happen. Yeah, she let me do it. I exchanged stick for Avio, there was a dollar price difference, she put it on a gift card for me and I bought some rollos, came home to me here. Alright, thanks a lot guys, I've been J.A. Verse. I carry her back, so wherever I go, take it more, my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh
Ladies and gentlemen boys and girls kids of all ages it's time for the big show Please give a nice huge round of applause for the man of the night's Sorry, I'm a big German football, but I don't know where that guy's been Oh You know when the pandemic first hit a friend of mine always makes fun of me is like oh Graham you germaphob you must be freaking out I was like no, this is our finest moment So nice to be here. Thank you a Chicago for coming out tonight That'd be our performer again, you know, it's been a crazy. It's been a crazy couple years COVID I think right, you know, we all went a little nuts during COVID. We all went a little nuts It's okay. We some people went more nuts than others You know heard some crazy shit like masks don't work Really all right have your dentist cough into your mouth Put yourself a freedom flu, you know what I mean that'll be fun Last year in the vaccine came out there's a lot of debate over which is good But we should you know have questions about the vaccine. I get it, you know But I say all these comedians that I've known for years on social media like I'm not putting that into my body I worked with you in Vegas in the 90s. I Saw you to blow off a stripper's ass, okay? You can handle a little Moderna. You know what I'm saying? We have a comedy club pizza. Yeah, you can handle Trust me It's what I do to see how things change, you know Remember when it first hit America everybody was working together remember oh we got to protect the most vulnerable You know and thank you front line workers and we all banged our pots and pans at eight o'clock for the medical staff remember that I was like oh that lasted three months I'm reminded of World War two where the Nazis bombed England every day for three years and The British every day like air raid sirens like just hellfire from above Everyday the Brits are just like stiff hop a lamp carry on America's like I can't get a haircut I Learned a lot, you know, especially when the shutdown first happened I'm single living alone and I learned during that time that when I complained to my friends that were married with kids about how lonely and Isolated I felt they didn't give a shit at all I didn't care at all Oh, it's so hard. Oh being alone in your apartment. You don't have your spouse and your kids crawling up your ass every day My kid was late to zoom school. How the hell does that happen? He just felt the moon and the bike riding I wish I was alone in my apartment crying in the dark at least that would have been quiet Oh Thanks, I guess I'll just rewrite my suicide note Appreciate your support Dating during the pandemic spend hard right any single people here tonight. Whoo See three Before the pandemic half the crowd I mean I'm single The quarantine hit everybody just paired up and the music stopped and I didn't have a chair, you know what I'm saying like It's hard You know you sound you're the handful of single people that are here I'm sure when you you know talked to your friends that are married with kids about it's hard to meet someone Do they always tell you this bullshit like he just got to love yourself? Fall in love with Graham, you know take Graham out on a date That's a great idea you know If I could suck my own dick, but anyway I mean I do yoga, but I'm trying like I can't I Also be I'll be honest, you know having some trust issues because like any good Professional comedian couple years ago had a horrifying breakup and thank you so much and Yeah, that was I was gnarly man I was with this person for two and a half years we lived together Everything was going great, and I just went just one nuts like I don't know what happens Never happened to you like oh you think everything's going great, and then just bam you're in the middle of a pink song like What happened and I don't you know I don't drink I'm completely sober and she's like oh Graham I love that you don't drink you're the best boyfriend ever and then the last two months She just went off the rails like went nuts and a friend of mine she goes wow Graham You know she was you know woman in her 20. She was a lot younger. That's what happens I was like what do you mean? Is this like a thing that like every woman in their 20s does this? I didn't I mean I did some dumb shit in my 20s But I wasn't like that much of a train wreck, you know, is that a thing like every girl? Yeah every girl in her 20s blows up a two and a half year relationship by becoming a violent co-core If your boyfriend didn't get a restraining order against you you weren't living And I know some of you think oh Graham, you know you probably picked it No, I get that there's guys out there that deliberately date some girl that's obviously a train wreck And then when she goes nuts they act shocked. I wasn't one of those dudes. It's like I was dating this stripper with a coke problem And she just went nuts like Yeah, she just went off the rails here's something I've you know kind of a sidebar Never heard anybody say before is you know once I started doing cocaine my life got better I mean everything kind of evened out, you know what I'm saying better group of friends the cocaine crowd good solid people, you know Dependable on time No trouble with the law No, it makes dating hard is my where I'm at politically And if you watch my YouTube show political vigilante right on Thank you Another show government secrets those are thank you. Thank you For those of you don't know they're just kind of fun sort of Lucy Goosey shows kind of Talk about how the deep state killed candidate. You know just fun sort of Trump and the Clintons I have ties to Epstein you know just kind of fun silly sort of the world's run by a global sex trafficking billionaire pedophile ring but other than that it's sort of a sort of a spring break romcom kind of a fun So Yeah, it's I give people like are you on the apps though? I'm not on the apps They don't have a box to check for when they're like what's what's your political when you're filling out the profile They don't have one that's anti-war pro labor socialist. They don't have that And when you do shit so many of the bike. Well, yeah, there's one of us just In the back Can't pay your bills because you're an activist Woo When you do shows like political vigilante and government secrets even when if I do go on a date It's just hard. I'm too I'm too judgemental, you know, I'll be like oh, what do you do for a living? Oh, I work in the marketing department at Google Oh, that's cool. They just been doing data collection for the intelligence community for 2011 but whatever Thanks for being part of the problem. This dates over check. I'm done Yeah When you have a show called the political vigilante and government secrets people send you crazy shit in the mail Like crazy I've always had a a a PO box on my website and I saw the difference I'm to be fair I've gotten some wonderful letters from people like grandma love your show It got me through a tough time or you opened my eyes up to something that the regular people on regular media is not talking about and I'm like Oh, that's cool and to see the difference. I remember when I used to do a podcast called comedy film nerds and That's why we don't do it anymore because Six people listen, but thank you so much nerds But it was a fun show it was very just nerdy. We just nerded out about movies We love doing it so people would send me these kind of fun books when we did comedy film nerds like Star Wars trivia and hey grandma. I live in Pittsburgh Here's a book of all the cool movie shot in Pittsburgh. I know that's awesome And now that I'm doing all this political stuff. I just get books like says him is straight and the CIA How kermit the frog and miss piggy ran a honey trap and El Salvador It's cool doing that doing the podcast stuff because I have I have fans of all different walks of life All different age groups. I mean from teenagers all the way up to people in their 80s people from all over the country And all over the world. It's really amazing And so when I see Like people in my age group are older like getting mad or even millennials in the Gen G Like come on. They're always like getting their avocado toast and I get to pay shit man looks or whatever like first of all who raised them Like they didn't raise themselves. I didn't just come out And then the other thing here's what you say anybody young tonight It's like in your 20s or 30s and when you hear that shit like Here's what you say like oh, yeah, it's so awesome being a young and America. It's so great Can't afford college if we do go to college. I got crushing student loan debt Can't afford a house we're afraid to have kids because of climate collapse There's no good jobs out there. We can't afford health care But there are the only jobs are like oh, we have to have three jobs delivering food and working for Uber If we do get a good job It's with some Silicon Valley billionaire asshole with venture capitalist money Creating bullshit or or that Silicon Valley of those billionaires they creating cool stuff to end homelessness and stop climate collapse No, it's always some stupid like cat food home delivery app Cat snack cat cat cat cat cat me oh gouch me oh snag So I like I said I grew up here, but I live in Los Angeles now and When you come from the Midwest and you moved to LA there's a lot of cool stuff about California, but they have a There's some stuff you're like what come on my one would ever Talked away in a million years, but so I'll give you a Statistics you might not be aware of Los Angeles has the highest percentage of people per capita that use the following sentence 100% seriously Just manifest it All the time just manifest it you can take a shock or crystal and think it you can make anything happen Make it believe like wow is all these weight ladies with special powers. It's amazing. Oh, shit I'm like look. I'm all for thinking positive But let's be honest. There's a lot of first world privilege in the manifesting I like oh the homeless should just manifest not living in late-stage capitalism and Manifest moving to Beverly Hills So I did that choke in LA recently and after the show this woman came up to me and she was a manifestor She was like look man, you know, it's not telling you. I don't can't be mad me. She was all fired up Some white lady with a Hindu name for Karen or whatever She's just like you know grand manifesting works. I mean I did it. That's how I manifested having my own clothing star Oh the one your parents helped you with That's what I forgot to do manifest a trust fund okay But she wouldn't let it go she's like well look at you Graham you manifested being a professional comedian And I was like all right. I'll give you that yes. I did I've worked long and hard I started at this club zanies. It's why it's amazing that I'm here. I mean yes, right? After the show you go back there and see my picture on the wall when I'm 22 I have a vest over a t-shirt Uh, and thankfully you it's just from the waist up so you can't see my acid wash jeans But anyway The 90s were complicated time you guys it was a complicated time for everybody, but no that's That's why being you know, yes, I've worked long and hard and that's why I wanted to shoot my special at this club because as I'm from Chicago And this is one of the first places that ever worked me and this club is over 40 years old It's an amazing club used to be a strip club run by the mob so it's like It's probably a mob hit here. You know, it's got that vibe you know what I mean But I said to this woman said you're right you're right I did manifest becoming a professional comedian, but let's be honest folks I'm lucky. I live in a country where this is even a job Right Third world countries you don't get to just pick jobs and make up some crazy career There's not a guy in Yemen right now going this horrifying proxy war Between Iran and the evil American Empire At the behest of the brutal kingdom of Saudi Arabia Causing the worst humanitarian crisis the world has ever known But I'm sure it will end once mercury gets out of retrograde Then I will manifest my vision board dream of owning my own Pilates studio Hashtag blessed So I had a college professor father and anyone who's had college professor parents Knows that when you're a kid everything is a learning experience This was never more evident than when my family. I'm the youngest of four we lived in Germany for a year My father had a full bright which is a research scholarship and his PhD was in German theater history And yes, that's a lot of fun when you're a kid Learning about Gertun Bertolt Brecht those guys were right My friends were going to amusement parks. I was learning about German existentialism Living in Germany in the 70s was a blast too because it was only 30 years after World War 2 So the German kids fucking hated us And it was just unreal is like oh man the Germans are mean and uh, you know No fun happening. Well, actually that's not I should meet that stereotypical that's stereotypical Because we all know the name the very famous German comedian Yeah, there isn't one folks There wasn't one there never has been one there never will be one. It's not happening. No such thing So the entire year we lived in Germany all we did was go to museums and castles I'm like doesn't this country have a water park or some shit So one of the field trips the educational field trips my dad took us on was we all went to doc out That's a concentration camp folks Here was the age breakdown my oldest sister was 14 so it's all right It's probably the age you should start learning about the Holocaust and you know the realities of the world My other sister was 11. Okay. My brother was nine. That's too young. I was six I Brought this up to my dad a couple years ago. I said don't you think six was a little young dad Holy said was well. I guess we didn't really think that through I became jaded early on When we move back to the states the first day it's going again. I'm like in the second grade The teachers going around the classroom like what did everybody do on their summer vacation? Like Timmy what did you do? Oh my dad and my brother and I we built the go kart oh Suzy what did you do? Oh, I learned how to make a campfire in the Girl Scouts Graham what did you do? I want to a death camp I don't trust the human race There's no god Well, why don't you just make that into some macaroni art for showing talent Maybe like a turkey hand that just says there's no god Can do different crayons for each one So I have this dark view of the world And it's happens every day, you know people will come to me. Oh, Grant. You must be a Canadian. You're Canadian I'll watch a lot of funny movies and TV shows No I watch documentaries about cult Those are amazing you guys Here's why you got to watch cult documentaries If you're having a bad day Maybe beating yourself up over some decisions you made I can assure you you've never done something as dumb as join a cult Halfway through every cult doc I'm like how stupid are these people It's always so obvious I mean, all right, it starts with noble intentions, right? It's a bunch of hippies We're gonna live off the grid and grow our own food and make our own clothing and no more capitalism no more war It's like oh, yeah, that sounds great But then there's these obvious red flags Like matching outfits Come on Like let's say you two guys who are here cheating on your wives together If you showed up late and walked in and I was wearing a robe with a sash and the whole crowd was wearing a matching robe You'd be like oh, where's the comedy show not the cult rally We just is that next door the comedy said okay The leaders of the cults always have crazy eyes and jacked up haircuts It's so obvious. There's this one on HBO this woman Gwen. She's got this huge like tidal wave blonde hair And she's like chase that's wanting to get me $10,000 to lose white It's so obvious But even years later the people are being interviewed still sound so dumb and clueless They're always like well, you know one day we were all doing yoga and the profit walked in And he stuck his thumb in my butt And I thought this is kind of weird And then he said the second knuckle brings enlightenment So I mean who could have known Everyone new So we got to come to grips with the fact that We all grew up in America, which is a cult America's a cult guys we have to admit work cult we have to admit we're really I used to think America's the greatest country in the world It's not perfect, but no it's a cult we're not number one in any good category at all You know what I mean? We're the only categories we're good in her bad like we're number one in prison population number one in gondas Number one in infant mortality among swester nations. We're number one in military spending like Yeah, exactly but the categories we should be number one like infrastructure. I just looked it up today. We're 13th We're number 13 Number 13 Take that Denmark you 14th place suckles like Eat it So America you know, we've got all these little cults within us Our two political both our political parties are cults our religions are most of them cults, you know This is why I love my I can YouTube podcast fans because they don't heckle They just bring up political clarifications to chose Actually most of them if you look at it by definition I love it. I don't want to get heckled at these shows. It's just like Graham actually that ballot measure passed by two thirds vote Thank you Yeah, but that's why comedians we'd never fall for cults You've never heard of a professional comic getting roped into a cult because we have been in the back of classrooms since we were kids going This is bullshit comedians no fall for cults comedians and black people black people don't fall for cults Right there. I was like what the fuck there's no way Although I did that joke recently and a black woman yelled out the Baptist Church and I was like oh, yeah, that's black people Okay, cool I get it. I don't get offended folks. I know all about religious cults. I was raised Catholic Ha ha ha ha the biggest cult on the planet So we have to understand America's a cult right we've got all these little cults within us you know like Florida Florida's a cult I don't know what is happening in Florida. I don't know what they're doing down there I'm going to read you an actual story because I follow on the Reddit. There's a Reddit page called the Florida man So it's amazing. This is an actual story. I am not making this up. You can look this up online This is not I'm not exaggerating this at all. This is a real title and I clicked on it nude beach blowjob jet ski fight Leads to wife's death What's going on Florida? What are you doing Florida? And I feel like if somebody came from another country and did know anything about America And just had an iPhone and said hey Siri what's Florida Siri would just be like nude beach blowjob jet ski fight coupon book clan rally park hopper pass kids eat free alligator flip flop casino glow in the dark sun visor bingo AARP discount beach volleyball red lobster neon airboat strip club orange juice gun show college football affordable senior living Hooters three t-shirts for $10 all you can eat oxy cotton spring break burn notice want to it You Thank you, Siri And I don't know if it's the people that grew up there because I know so I've been I've performed a Florida bunch I've had great shows there and I've I've met people that grew up there that they seem smart sharp people Although my ex is from there. Oh god. I should have known far She had a pentagram tattoo and a drug problem anyway. I made a mistake But that aside, I think I've met a lot of people from Florida. They seem pretty sharp. I think what happens A Florida attracts Every like American that's run out of options When you're in Florida ask who moved there go. Why did you move? Not I mean obviously the city you know we went to retire not the retirees That's a different thing But just the people who move there in the middle of their lives. There's always some shady reason why No, where else in America has this you ask anyone? Why do you want to Chicago? Oh my wife got a new job Where we moved to Dallas to be closer to my parents? It's like why'd you move to Florida? Hey, you know the courts up in Massachusetts here Oh, it's the courts is it okay? Yeah, that's why you're renting out jet skis and dealing oxy on the side It's an all cash business under a fake name got it. Yeah, yeah It's the court state really total court thing So we have to come to grips with the fact that America is the Florida of Earth I got friends all over the world. I was just in Europe for two two and a half weeks I went to six different countries and all I heard was what's fucking wrong with you guys over there What are you guys doing? And in all fairness we have to come to grips with the fact that maybe The human race like maybe earth is the Florida of the galaxy, you know what I Why do you think these UFOs They never land They never they just fly by Why can't a UFO just land and get out of the spaceship? Why are you we're from another planet? You guys are earthen skies They're terrified of us And I think this is my theory I think UFOs are actually alien teenagers borrowing their parent spaceship They're parents are like you do you can use your father spaceship, but do not go to earth okay Your uncle went there in the 50s. He's been an area 51. They've been sticking stuff in his ass ever since Do not go And there's these alien teenagers, you know, and there's like a younger brother in the back who's never been to earth and they're like We gotta go to earth But mom said we shouldn't know dude. It's awesome. You got to watch these people. They're out of their minds They kill each other over money and oil and religion. They're out of their fucking minds They draw lines in a map and go that's your country. This is mine and then fucking kill each other and fight over that shit They need breathable air and drinkable water to survive, but they poison it for money. It's like it's new but They worship billionaires with the billionaire just rich assholes and fuck everybody over They told not the black and stupid. There's all we gotta see this shit, but you they got the best weed So yeah, I want to you know, I want to have faith in America and the world can fix it shit I want to have faith that we can fix stuff, you know, I have You know, I just want things equal. I like a quality. That's why I don't you know, whoo. Thank you so much, right? Just equal Like the idea of what America was supposed to be right equal representation. I mean aside from the genocide in the slavery, but other than that Just want things equal, but I see little there's little glimpses of hope, you know, I mean the black lives matter That's been good for people black people getting you know, ending systemic racism all these young people out there Unionizing there's been over 200 Starbucks unionized like that's in that's good labor, you know Women are getting equal rights. That's amazing. It's bullshit that anyone should tell them what they could do with their fucking rights and bodies That's fucking nonsense Come on Every guy here a bunch of women told us what to do with our dicks. We'd be like fuck that I mean I know there's some married guys are like well my wife's got my dick in a jar, but that's That's not a legal thing. That's just a choice So I'm all for a quality. I just want it to be equal, but I must say this there are some women out there Not a lot some some of these feminists who just want a quality for the good shit. Oh Got quiet did it You know I'm talking. There's just a certain type. We'll just call them. I don't know Hillary supporters anyway And you know because I've never seen this I've never seen like Deborah Messing or one of those big celebrity Feminists like it's protesting like I'm it's I'm so tired that I have to get a good paying job in this nice air condition Office when what I really want to do is work on a garbage truck It's not fair that guys get to work in garbage and 90% of all workplace deaths are men. That's bullshit More men are in prison. That's unfair more men are homeless. That's bullshit. We're gonna do something about that Men of a higher suicide rate come on ladies. We got to even that shit up Patriarchy, you know So When russia invaded the Ukraine It's gonna get dark folks buckle the fuck up I'm glad you guys are down because Those of you were like huh just don't ever take your kids to dock out anyway Because this is what happens So when Putin invaded the Ukraine Ukrainian president Zelensky ordered all men under the age of 60 to stay And fight women and children could leave men had to stay even men that were like yo I make shoes. They're like here's a machine gun. You make war now bitch like I Didn't see any of these women on social media like president Zelensky's a sexist. It's toxic masculinity women should be allowed Women should be allowed to fight in a bullshit proxy war for money just like men Come on ladies. We're all flying to the Ukraine with our pussy hats to fight the Russian army Yeah, I didn't see that online I didn't see that So yeah, I don't I don't like you know I'm against all war I don't like what Putin is doing. I don't like it. I'm against war because main reason because I have been to Iraq and Afghanistan to entertain the United States military If there's any military or vets here tonight give them a round of applause folks You know we have an all volunteer military because the economic conscription so I've seen you know Strew And you know I've seen you know I've been on a I don't know what real combat is like and I'll never know But I've seen more war than most civilians have I've been on a helicopter in Afghanistan that came under fire I had a rocket attack in Iraq. I've seen way too many wounded service members and civilians and so I'm just against war I'm just against it. I'm done with it. I don't want to see that shit anymore. Yeah So I get a little pissed off when I see politicians in both parties in our media Getting this selective outrage like oh Putin's committing war crimes. Okay. We should hold him accountable But I don't know has he been bombing the Middle East for the last 20 fucking years? No, I don't think he did right? You know it's like we're all gonna see these celebrities at Hollywood award shows like I stand with the people of Ukraine The people of Iraq Afghanistan Yemen Syria Palestine Somalia. I can't really stand for them I got a bad back my knees a little tweaky, you know And it's so hypocritical man. I can't I can't watch it. I can't we've we've spent you know look at Afghanistan in 20 years Four presidents from both political parties spent $3.5 trillion to replace the Taliban with the Taliban The fuck was that for the big winners were the Taliban and defense contractors like yeah All right meanwhile we're number 13 and infrastructure. We're number 13 So I just can't we're so hypocritical man when I hear the politicians and the people in the media say this without acknowledging what we do it's literally like a drug addict with face tattoos Running a meth lab out of a preschool walking into a bar going you guys drink too much And it's always like you know Endless spending on more anytime we want something good like how we need Medicare for all we need free insurance health insurance Like they've had in Europe for 80 years But then we're always told oh You're gonna pay for it like I don't know the same way you pay for all these wars and Wall Street bailouts like how about that like They never run out of money for those assholes Like when the Mississippi water thing happened the governor of Mississippi said we need roughly three billion dollars to fix our water on that Same day we spent another three billion to Ukraine we sent over 70 billion thus far and I'm like wow America is the worst roommate ever The American people they're like the good roommate, you know pay your bills on time like hey I borrowed your car and returned it I washed it and filled up the tank and the United States government with both of these parties doesn't matter who's in charge They're the worst roommate ever it's like the good roommate comes in hey man Did you see that envelope remember I put that envelope and I put three billion dollars in there and it said to fix Mississippi's water and I said just don't spend it on anything else It's you know where it's gone. I don't see where it is. Oh, dude. That was yours. Oh, man Dude we took that and we went to Vegas And then this guy Zalinsky came up and we gave it to him and then he started shooting like you wasted that money in Vegas Dude the dice got cold don't blame the messenger like Here's all you and war Get everybody in Congress in the Senate get every CEO of every defense contractor Everybody in the White House the vice president the president regardless of his Democrat Republican whoever's there the entire cabinet all of the CEOs of The oil companies and the CEOs of the banks the profit from war have all of their children have to go to war Yeah, when rich kids go to war instead of working class kids That's when war will end I guarantee you I guarantee you you know what I mean with like some rich You know just like oh Ivanka Trump and Hunter Biden are neck deep in the shit in Kiev I bet you war is gonna end Chelsea Clinton and Donald Trump Jr. are drafted for Marine Corps boot camp That's when mommy and daddy you're gonna get a call like we're gonna end war all right pumpkin as soon as we leave Epstein's Island will come there So I think we only need to travel more as especially as Americans because one of the things you notice with Colts They isolate their members Right they keep them isolated from the outside in America. We're isolated We only share a border with two countries. I was just in Europe I hit six countries in 15 days all these different cultures and people and everything we need to get out there and travel Right see the world see what's out there good out of your comfort zone man meet other people from in We go to country. You don't speak the language. I bend to Russia. I went there in 2019 and a friend of mine was Russian told me I don't speak any Russian it's like just put a ski at the end of every word So I was in a coffee shop there was a little cooler of pre-made sandwiches and They had stickers on them, but it was all in Russian. I don't know what it said at all So I call this woman over that worked there. She didn't speak any English I just called her over and I pointed at the sandwiches and I went because I'm a vegetarian I went vegetarian ski And she went ah duh and then picked out the sandwich We figured it out our governments don't get along, but she got me a vegetarian sandwich at The star Buxky or wherever I was at We figured it out man get out there meet people because it'd be done But listen to what the government say like I did a whole tour through China and Japan, right? It was amazing and you learned stuff about different cultures like when you fly in a major airline from an American City to a to another city in another country those those big airlines do a very good job of making announcements in English Right, but I then went from Hong Kong to do a show in Guangzhou, China and I flew there like Spirit airlines It was like I don't know dragon foot airlines or some shit like that And so when the plane lands I'm the only Westerner that has probably ever been on that flight So when it lands they make an announcement in Mandarin than Cantonese that I don't know It sounded like like Korean Japanese Sanskrit. I don't know By the time they got to English they didn't give a shit if it made sense It was just like with kind of request of the pleasantries for the travelments of your disembarkation for your passporting Stay stay stay seated stay seated Oh So the whole trip was me just going oh okay, so the whole trip was like that But I learned and people laughed and we got to know each other and we spoke for words to me was awesome Right, I learned all this cultural stuff like when I was going to Hong Kong a comedian friend of mine said in Hong Kong That you can get a hand-tailored silk suit for like two three hundred dollars That's a two three thousand dollars suit in the States. I'm like awesome and all the street merchants in Hong Kong know this So when they see a Western man walking down the street They come at you and they have this hand gesture that I was not familiar with so in America When we call someone over we do this right we go hey yo yo come here. I'm Doing a show with shocker crystals and a strip club that used to be run by the mile So in China and large portions of Asia they they do this hand gesture this means call you over So I didn't know that right so the guy's he's like ah you want silk suit and I thought he was like get the fuck out You know what I mean? I was like shit my bad. I didn't vote for him. You know, I vote third party And these guys hard sell you man. He's like ah you want silk suit you want fake Rolex you want hashish? I'm like this guy's got everything This is like a Walmart. This is amazing and Then his store was teeny it was like smaller than this stage and he's like I can get you anything you want So I was being like you know cocky American. I was gonna try to stump them. I'm like okay How about a unicorn Yeah, no problem You just took a carrot glued it on a cat's head. Yeah So then I went to this outdoor market in Beijing and they had this wall of iPhone covers and it was like all of the Rejects like all the stuff that doesn't get sold in America. They just unloaded there because you know everything's made in China Thanks to the bushes and the Clintons so anyway everything's there and They not a lot of them didn't even make sense like one of them was trying to say I heart the USA and The heart was an outline of the continental United States, but it had stars and stripes on it and I was looking at it like I America the USA Like I don't know I wish I could show it to you guys, but it was for an iPhone 7 I have an iPhone 12. I'm not a fucking animal anyway So I bought it as a joke, but you know some redneck saw it they'd be like you got damn red America the USA If you don't America the USA, then why don't you move to North Korea you send a bitch get her down, you know And then on this tour I went to Tokyo Japan. Tokyo is a fantastic city It's about twice the size of Manhattan and there the nicest most polite people ever is a clean Well-run city everything is just like oh, I got to go to the high must-day bow I'll give you a great example. I was in a 7-11 in downtown Tokyo in the middle of a busy work day. There's this long line of people Coming in some quick to eat on their lunch break And this is how the woman gave change to every single person she had a tray Change receipt bowed and said in Japanese. Thank you so much for coming into our store. We appreciate your business And everyone reciprocated people weren't just like yeah, yeah, whatever they were like oh, thank you So it was so beautiful I was frozen at how gorgeous this was and then this Japanese man kind of accidentally cut in front of me And when I pointed out to my excuse me he was mortified. He's like oh, I'm so sorry so sorry I started thinking could you imagine this shit in New York City Being in like a 7-11, you know what I mean? Bodega in New York City some big New Yorker. I cut in front of you. Excuse me Oh my fucking bad I'm so sorry. We love tourists in the big apple Perhaps I should commit Seppaku ritual suicide To regain my family's honor Go Jets I See everything I did when I was in Japan I've started to do this anytime I travel internationally and please do this I started watching their news because he gets a totally different view and I started watching NHK which is basically like Japan's CNN. There's an English version you can get it online I highly recommend watching it because when I first saw it kind of threw me off because they do this weird thing It's called them journalism Yeah, it's crazy. They just talk about news and facts and information. It's nuts There's not like a Japanese flag waving and then that fear ticker like we have an American media You know that is I said your kids chocolate milk, you know There's this old Japanese guy doing prime time news with a weird ear I'm like he would never be on TV in America ever ever It was a bit like wow and I just because American media is so bad I don't care what you watch MSNBC Fox CNN ABC. It doesn't matter Our media is designed to keep us all divided distracted and afraid right Yep They want us fighting red blue black white male female boomer Gen Z whatever they want us fighting about whatever man They're always distracting us with some shit like while they're passing some awful bill like oh my god Kanye West that's something crazy like no way Everything every story. It's always it's always like a fear angle, you know what I mean? And our our journalists they're they're not journalists. They're infotainers They're these beautiful actors. They have that fake laugh, you know that they do between stories that segway laugh Looks like it's gonna be a wet weekend hubbub Hopefully not too wet for the big ballgame right down Every story has a fear angle right everyone has a fear angle what you need to know about your children and sprinklers Summertime backyard fun or aquatic death tool like Sprinklers are killing kids know we My favorite thing that the media does in America they'll take whatever the story of the days we should all be paying attention to And when they put it next to the dumbest story ever New UN report says America and the world needs to be off a fossil fuels by 2030 otherwise climate change is imminent But first a Florida man whose bakery has gone to the dogs And then they show like a puppy with oven mitts on pushing a cake tin into a stove Those look like some dog on good muffins hubbub Every winter they do this story every winter and it's always breaking news like oh my god A snowstorm hitting the east coast in the winter No way Every winter is like who saw that coming Blizzardzilla snow pockleps There's always some guy in the streets like Linda. I'm here in Times Square There is frozen water coming down from the sky Meteorologists are calling it snow It's coming down in an aggressive war like manner probably sent here by Russia or China So I start watching NHK Watch it because when I watch American media mad I'm depressed. I'm like we got no hope when I watch NHK They'll do these 20 minute human interest stories that just restore my faith in humanity. They're just beautiful Like we're gonna talk to a Kyoto woman about the ancient art of rice gazing Rice gazing like oh shit. I'm in let's do this man Some Stately Japanese woman comes out in a kimono first we find the perfect grain of rice This takes up to 10 years Then we pull a stone out of the river we put the rice on the stone and we let it sit and dry in the sun Then we gaze upon it The Contemplating the impermanence of the universe and the Buddhist tradition much as the Shogunite have done for a thousand years Holy shit, this is awesome I'm like have faith in humanity. This is so amazing. I love this and meanwhile on Fox News our gay Mexican socialist murdering New York City was snow like now Fox So the media too They kiss the billionaires asses because these billionaires spend tens of million dollars of marketing money, right? Remember last summer when Jeff Bezos threw his cock rocket around the planet And media was like this is amazing. He put a rocket around the planet Here's the actual flight folks. It was four minutes long and barely penetrated the earth's atmosphere So I guess Bezos wanted the whole world to know what his girlfriend feels Come Comes off his rocket they're all high five and it's amazing I can't believe it that stupid cowboy hat. You know he used taxpayer dollars to the richest guy in the history of everything used our money to fuel That stupid cock rocket And then the the journalist that's no joke man and the journalist was like oh this opens the doorway for space tourism This is an actual quote now for only 23 million dollars you can fly to outer space Oh 23 million that's it. Oh shit you guys take Venmo fuck yeah, let's do this 23 oh great that's all we need Richard Branson has a rocket like yeah 23 million so now rich assholes They're gonna fly around a planet that's on fire that they have the money to fix but they're too selfish and greedy to do it Yeah We got to bring back bullying I'm telling you not for kids necessarily, but for certain shithead adults like we should send some meatheads to Silicon Valley You know what I'm saying just send some just thugged out ufc guys like hey Bezos that's my rocket now Bezos Thanks nerd just get him in a headlock hey nerd We're gonna start paying your employees union wages with good benefits right nerd You're gonna end homelessness right? The other story they kissed us ask about last summer I remember this was like Jeff Bezos bought a new yacht made a new yacht from scratch. It was so big it needed a support yacht Support yacht Jesus Christ what an asshole What I get it you know what I mean? I mean if you got a yacht that's big you're gonna need a support yacht I mean we're after all where the caviar on the supermodel is gonna go you know what I mean Like I totally get it remember Betsy DeVos secretary of education under Trump had 10 yachts I get it you don't want to have the same yacht in the Caribbean that you have in the south of France You'll look like a fucking asshole, you know And you got to get a yacht built from scratch. I mean right you want to drive around and to use yacht What are you an animal? Okay use yacht just saying it makes me want to vomit. It's like oh use diaper like that's this fucking gross Gross Too much you guys like yachts I Remember to though that when you like all these rich guys are flying into space I grew up in the 70s. I remember when the space program it meant something like Nassau we took the best of the best in America right? We took the but we took the best men the best women we they they and the one percent the top the best scientist the best fighter pilots The best researchers now just two rich dicks can just fly around What's the NBA finals gonna be just mark Cuban and Mark Zuckerberg in a game of horse like And it's so bad these these you know these politicians That's why they control the parties they control the media they control everything right these billionaire assholes That's why every four years were stuck with voting for the lesser of two evils right I've been in other countries they'll have three four five political parties coalition governments they get shit done We just are so bad every four years the lesser of two evils. It's cemented the last election 330 million people in this country The two best guys we could come up with Donald Trump and Joe Biden the two best guys We scoured the whole country And we got grabbed them by the pussy and sniffing little kids here all right awesome Fantastic Good lord. Who are we sending to the Olympics? You There's nowhere else in America we would put up with this lesser of two evils shit right We're America we want to be the best right we want to go to the we want our kids to go to the best schools We want to live in the best neighbor want to have the best jobs We want our teams to win we want to win the gold medals in the Olympics We would never tolerate this imagine of advertisers tried this They all knew Chevy Malibu Just not as shitty as a Ford Taurus Haunting it's date night we need a sitter for the kids There's only two babysitters to choose from A pedophile and a meth head I go meth that you got to go meth that right Right you got to go meth that At least the kids will have activities you know what I'm saying I mean you might come home and one of them has a prison tattoo But at least they did some shit So bad these politicians So bad people are you and they go and there's a difference between the parties Okay, I'll tell you the difference Republicans would skull fuck a puppy to turn a nickel The Democrats will skull fuck a puppy and then put a rainbow flag on it And go the diversity of puppy skull fucking Yeah Yeah inclusion Don't bring your kids to dock out guys I don't know what else to tell you I don't know how else to break it down All these parties are so bad you know and I just I get I can't like mad the incremental centrism you know they get into the Democrats Joe Biden gets in the power is like oh Remember when he was running in 2020 in the summer he was like now's not the time for revolution Where were you during the summer of 20 we riots there's food lines people lost their jobs Yeah, that's right Revolutions always happen when shits are going great you know what I'm saying Remember the civil rights movements because black people in the south were being treated so well They were just like this is great I shudder to think what would happen if these incremental centrists were around during like bold times in history when bold change needed to happen You know like FDR's famous speech the only thing we have to fear is everything. It's too hard. We can't get it done Congress is a log jam, you know JFK we want to put a man on the moon by the end of the 60s, but I don't think it's possible Maybe in the 70s or 80s. I mean how are we gonna pay for it you know These gutless leaders today were like if Joe Biden and Pelosi were around in the civil rights movement They would have been like hey Rosa Parks Don't move to the front of the bus. It's too performative It's a purity test Why didn't you do the middle of the bus in fact started the back Move up one row at a time Wait a couple years get by part of Jinssen Point Damn it It's my way need to smoke weed and lead weed needs to be legal in this country nationwide I know some states have it but needs to be on a federal level needs to be completely decriminalized. Yeah There's no reason people should be in prison for smoking a plant And I'm completely sober you guys. I don't I don't do any of that stuff And but I think this is why we need to you know smoke weed Is because first of all like when Trump was president. I think he would have been a president better president if he were to smoke weed You know instead he just sounded like a guy coked up at a party trying to rope you into a business deal It's like you know, do you want to build a wall build a wall? Well, I fucking buy greenland. Do I want to buy greenland bro? Let's do it. I got Bitcoin. Well, fucking buy greenland We also what's our space force space force dude fucking space force When we kept the captains what's fucking deal will fly around with bang green chicks like captain curtain It's out of his mind I remember when the you know the liberals wanted to impeach Trump I was like I'm glad that didn't happen because then we would have had president Mike Pence Yeah, exactly what would that have been just Shocked a gay out of people and outlaw lunch with women I Remember when he said I can't have lunch with my female subordinates what happens at lunch Mike Some woman sits down. Hello, Mr. Vice President What would you make me do How dare you bring your boobs to lunch I Give Trump what a smoked weed when he was president. He wouldn't have wanted to build a wall around Mexico He would have just been down at the border going We should start a music festival Want to make it Mexican-American bands is jamming together fucking body painting empanadas be fucking sick You Biden smoked weed he might you know remember where he is or So it's like breaking news. I owe that president finished a sentence today. I just a gentleman That's no big deal that the guy in charge of launch codes has clear cognitive decline. I mean what's the worst that could happen? Say I made fun of both sides if anyone's offended I fucking took everybody out so don't worry about And if you got offended because I made fun of your guy you're in a cult And this is why I think we should be legalized like nationwide because I've been working in bars and night clubs since I was 18 years old Which means two things one I have no marketable skills I Thank you Two everything's a joke when you're comedian I spend two hours a night at the comedy club either making jokes on stage or backstage with the other comics the other 22 hours out of the day I am either sleeping or telling myself Don't make that joke don't say that Cops don't find that funny I Even in relationships. I'm like I love you. I love you too. Ha ha tricked you like everything Everything's a joke And I like it too because there's a lot of medical stuff like I'm I like you know holistic medicine whenever I tried that because I had a really bad Several years ago really bad chronic hip and back pain Got so bad that the whole left side of my body was tingling and I call it my physician I was like hey doc We should set up appointment the left side of my body's like tingling and in pain do not ever say left in tingling to a physician Yeah, he lost his shit. He's like oh my god Graham get yourself to a hospital do not drive yourself have a friend or get an ambulance You could be having a stroke or a heart attack you are on borrowed time. I'm like thanks bitch damn My buddies driving me to the the hospital in LA. I'm flipping out. I'm like well, dude if I die You get my surfboards like I'm like I'm like punching out They run a bunch of tests on me. They're like it's not a stroke or a heart attack. We don't know what it is So we're gonna order an MRI. Okay. I'd never had an MRI at that point the technician goes here's a couple earplugs about an hour and 15 minutes Just trying to sleep through it Yeah, that's like exactly you've had an MRI. It's like trying to sleep in a metal trash can While kids get it with sticks But I didn't know this right so I'm flipping out of it Get in the MRI the first 30 seconds the machine just homes you're in basically a tube. It's like a coffin Right, I'm just sitting there Calming myself down like it's all right. You're gonna be okay. It's okay. The machine's just going Like you're gonna get through it. It's not a stroke or a heart attack It's like a fire alarm for your life like You're gonna die you're gonna die you're gonna do a show and a converted mob strip club in Chicago So I started doing yoga I know I'm part of the problem and Before I talk about yoga, I just want to say this real quick about chronic back pain the worst part about it It's not the discomfort. It's everybody's stupid suggestions on how to make it better All you've had two three years of chronic back pain Have you tried to seat cushion? Oh, fuck there. It is seat cushion. Okay. Yeah Now two years of doctors and chiropractor's and physical therapy and hundreds of hours of my life and thousands of dollars Because even with insurance we have a bullshit for-profit healthcare system Doing all these tests with all these medical professionals with decades of combined education training and experience and they all missed seat cushion Do you walk up to blind people and go have you tried opening your eyes? Let the light in just manifest it So I started doing yoga and I love yoga the first yoga class I went to I was like oh man. I could be a yoga teacher someday No way there's no way I could never be a yoga teacher Never a million years because like I said I'm a comic everything's a joke right? So if I was a yoga teacher here's what I would do I'd get everybody in class. I'd play that music ding ding ding ding I like okay guys. This is your 60 minutes. This is your practice. Okay. This is your time to connect mind body spirit Okay, turn your phones off let go of everything you got to do outside of the yoga studio your job your family your bills Your responsibilities let go that this is your time to reconnect with you. Okay? Our first pose is going to be the tree pose this leg is going to be our root and you're going to open up like this and if you fall out It's okay. It's not a competition Then you're going to raise your arms and lengthen like this and you don't scrunch up your shoulders We put so much stress intention in our shoulders. We're in our cars. We're on our laptops. We're on our phones Just lengthen and breathe. Okay. I'm going to piss in your mouth And Remember the second knuckle brings enlightenment And no one would question me as a teacher they'd be in class like did he just I heard it wrong. I'm crazy And that's how I know I could start a cult Thank you for you know watching this the journey and you've heard tonight You know, I've gone through a lot of sort of transformations as a person and one of them Is I used to be a huge fan of the NFL I mean, I like watching the NFL like sports, but I used to be a huge fan. I I grew up watching it. I played high school football at Evanston I loved it as I was a bearer's fan. You know, I saw the bears win in 85. That's great, you know But it's gotten you know as you wake up and you start paying attention how the world works I get a little bummed out with the NFL man Like they covered up CTE the brain disease that pissed me off They didn't give a shit about domestic violence and there was videos about it Like oh, maybe we should do something about it. They they every before the games It's like a recruiting thing for war. I don't like wars. I told you you know, they should have let cavernic take a goddamn knee They should have let him take a knee man They should have gone were America's game. He has a first amendment right to take a knee the people in the stands Have a first amendment right to boo him cheer him whatever that's America's game That's what they should have done and they didn't it was bullshit and I don't like a lot of their ads man A lot of their I mean their ads are all like beer truck state gun boobs, you know I mean I like boobs, but not like angry like boobs. You know what I mean like the bacon wrap flag truck boob gun like So none of them are for me like I said I'm a vegetarian. I meditate. I do yoga. I don't drink I'm completely sober. I drive an electric car. I'm not making any of this shit up man None of the ads are for me. I wish the NFL would make ads For hippies like me But still keep the NFL style Like I am Chicago Bears head coach and when I'm making vegan smoothies for my team I use blue diamond almond milk Blue diamond almond milk the official organic unsweetened almond milk of the national football league NFL plant-based life The 2023 Nissan leaf the official zero emission vehicle of the national football league Plug it in charge it up and hit the open road up to 123 miles then Charge for another two to three hours charging me bury in your area then hit the open road again Great for tailgating yoga retreats activist rallies And NFL green new deal Nike and the national football league want you to just manifest it Thank you so much Chicago You All strike You
Hey! Yeah! Bartnik, an all-things comedy production. Starring Joe Bartnik. Also starring Bill Burr and Club soda Kenny. Tonight's episode of Killing and Chicago. Ladies and gentlemen, Joe Bartnik. Stubbed Chicago! Oh, I love Chicago! Chicago's a drinking town. And I'm a drinker. Now I live in LA. It's more of a rehab town. People in LA go to rehab for wine. Look, I drink a bottle of wine a day. Oh my God, soda is my mom. Look, yeah, but I take pills. I'm like, yeah, soda is my mom. Drink up cowgirl. I was talking to a dude. Nothing sadder than a grown man drinking a glass of white wine. It's like, how about some soy milk and a sippy cup? Be more masculine. I drink a lot. I drink so much I got the gout. If you don't know what the gout is, it's basically a medieval drinking disease. It means you drink so much your foot hurts. There's no happy fun commercials for the gout either. It's not like HPV or Herpes. There's nobody snowboarding or skydiving with the gout. They're all dragging their dead legs through a casino. Where's the $5 black check? Where's the $5 black check? Glad the bars were open again. That was a terrible year and a half for us alcoholics. Remember Zoom Happy Hour? That bullshit. Open your bear. Look at your buddy in the computer. I like an old dirty bar with a good jukebox and Miller High Life. Champagne. I like a bar before John Taffer rescues it. Or as I say, fucks it up. Hey John, I didn't come to Sal saloon for a perfectly made mint julep. I came for the buy one get three free special. Always open up the kitchen door. Look how nasty that grill is. Hey John, I didn't come to Sal's for the cuisine. I came because Wendy behind the bars probably going to show us her tits. You guys have a good pandemic? Some people didn't, you know? Fat people. Smokers. The elderly. The old side chicks. Not a lot of guma but inside the bubble. It's hard to pretend you're going to the store at 2 a.m. What do you need at CVS? A blowjob? I had a fun pandemic. Yeah, I got a new dog and a mustache and a heart attack. Yeah, don't clap. I lived. Did that pain get in the back of your leg in the middle of the night and you wake up? You're like, fuck! I basically got that in my chest. But it was right in the beginning of the pandemic so I couldn't go to the hospital so I basically just walked it off. I treated a heart attack like an ice cream headache. A week after my heart attack I had to have a procedure done to save my life. And during that procedure they had to shave my balls. They asked for volunteers, flaming egg egg goes me! I'm like, yes, that guy loves balls, he'll take care of mine. But then, razor in hand, he looked me right in the eye and he goes, you remind me of my ex-boyfriend. That I got scared. I'm like, this guy's gonna laugh off my left nut because Bruce never took him to see Hamilton. Getting older, my friends are getting older, that sucks. That's my buddy the other day and he goes, I got my party pills. He got molly, he's like, no, Tom's. I'm like, cool, he's had some green chili, he's like, shit. I actually like heartburn. It makes me feel alive. I'm even fired like a dragon. I'm at the age I wear a peen the middle of the night. Thinking about wearing a diaper to bed just so I can sleep in. But if I get used to it, start wearing it around town. I'm on the subway, people think I'm just chilling. Do the shake at the end. Look, he's taking a piss! Who's in my memory a little bit? So I changed up my lifestyle. Like now I wash my hair as soon as I get in the shower. So I don't start jerking off and forget. The worse he got you're like, fuck, I've ever gotten to wash my hair! I've got to get back in, turn the water on, the whole family knows. He just jerked off. No, when you get out of the shower and you have shampoo in your hair, you're in the zone. Like Jordan in the garden. I try to act young though, like I use emojis. I used to think emojis for kids, you know? I used to think texting was for kids. Then I'm like, wait, I don't have to call somebody. It's like, oh, emojis, you don't have to text somebody. You know my favorite emoji is thumbs up. Like, fuck you, we're done. No more bubbles, fucker. I see bubbles all call your ass. The emoji they need is the old man Italian wave. Yeah, they get the fuck outta here. My wave hates that. My grandfather had the best. He did the reverse old man Italian wave. I recently lost 70 pounds. Don't laugh, I'm gonna gain it all back. I know you're thinking, he still kinda looks like shit. That's where I'm wearing a collared shirt. You got man titties, you got to wear a collar. Yeah. Takes 15 right off the top. That's why golfers wear and make some almost look athletic. Like, I can't wear a wife beater. You can't wear a wife beater if you look like a wife beater. You have a six pack wear a wife beater if you just drank a six pack. Keep your sleeves on. I know, young girl like yourself, you want abs. I get it. But the older ladies who've lost all their hopes and dreams, they dig the dad bod. Yeah ladies, this bod he says, fun. This bod he says, everybody's getting appetizers. Nobody has a split dessert with his body. This bod is built for comfort. His body sleeps in on Saturdays. Nobody has to get up and ride a bike with his body. I hate people that ride bikes. Not the guys at the liver food. Those guys bend their neck. But the guys address up like spider man. Take up half the road. Think you're not going to hit them. Those guys, fuck you. Most of everyone of those guys last week, anybody lights flashing their back of his helmet? How am I supposed to see that looking at my phone? My wife wants me to keep the weight off. Fucking bitch. She thinks I should go to bed hungry. I'm like, I'm an American. My grandfather did not go to war for me to go to bed hungry. Doesn't keep anything to eat in the house. She keeps almonds. You must not be hungry if you're hungry. I don't know what you don't like. Almonds aren't even food. You know how I know they're not food? Because my dog doesn't give a shit if I'm eating. Ruby's like, you know, almonds go into bed plus. I love the excitement dogs have. And they think you have food they want. And they come running and you're like, yeah. It's like when you turn on good fellows, but it's on the Mexican channel, you're like, ah. When you have what they want, they do zero in on you. They're so concentrating. They don't break concentration. They're like the general gamblers at the table. I always have to do the dealer hand-wiping. But your corner's ladies. Why wife does nothing if you heard of it's called portion control. It's worse than communism. She has these little portions of food. I think that's the portion you would get in a restaurant. I'm like, not the restaurant. I know the owner and I'm fucking the chef. Because that's the restaurant I'm in right now. So, how about some more lasagna? First time my wife made me the design had orange chunks in it. I know I'm like, this fucking broad. Put American cheese in my lasagna. I gotta call my no-ning and ginnin' home. She goes, no you more on that squash. I'm like, gay racquetball? My wife uses chopsticks at home. Who were you impressing? You don't do the taxes with an abacus. So, I got a daughter. She's really good at basketball. She's so good the black kids pass with the ball. I mean, she's not ready for her, but at least we're thinking of her. Like, she can beat me sometimes on a lunch. She's like, daddy, I know your weaknesses. You know about Rye Whiskey and Thai hookers? Her last year of organized ball she won the championship. I got a big trophy like this big. I'm like, fuck yeah, you got a trophy. She's like, I got tons of trophies. I'm like, yeah. But this time you won something. I'm like, that one's for seventh place. We're not teaching our kids about the real world. If you're a resident of the seventh place, you're not getting the job. Six people have to fail a drug test before you get that job. I noticed 17 when she was a little. She was so cute. Everyone's like, wait till she becomes a teenager. You're going to hate her. And now she's a big bitch and I kind of do. Her and my wife argue constantly, I never get involved. But the other night they were screaming each other and my daughter goes, I'm just going to go upstairs and kill myself. I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We just paid for braces. You're going to be for 11 grades or sticking around a while. I guess the art school, she thinks she's artsy. She's like, daddy, I'm going to make soap. I'm like, you don't even do the dishes. She does ballet. It's fucking awful. The music's terrible. All the mothers hate me because I call the bar a pole. I'm like, your dial is great on the pole. It gets a bar you asshole. We're like a friend we call it a pole. We do the mega lot of money in a couple years. You should be happy. Freedom of college, my parents. Feeling good. So happy I lost the weight. Yeah, because now I can shop at marshals again. Yeah, because I can fit in double X clothing. There's nothing left at marshals of triple X. It's all green or purple or fuchsia. I can't wear those colors. I'm not black. Black guys look good, ball. Measure me, ball. Black guys look at in dreadlocks. White guy has dreadlocks. You're like fucking asshole. Black guy has to be like, that guy's cool. He's probably got weed. Black guys looking in both ties. White guy has both eyes. You're an accountant and a pedophile. Black guys even look good in glasses. And they're just wearing them for the irony. They're not going to read. Hey, get easy. I can handle the racism. I'm white. I'm not even really white. I'm Italian. We weren't white until the 40s. So Frank Sinatra and Joe DiMaggio you have to be really good at something and they let you be white. Like Obama, they let him be white. Prince, Prince was white. OJ was white for a while and he fucked it up. Will Smith is the whitest man alive. He assaulted a black dude and they gave him an award. Tiger Woods is white again. I love Tiger, man. He's my favorite. Drunken whore monger. I fucking love that guy. I love Tiger so much. I used to listen to golf on the radio. People got so mad. He's like, how can he cheat on his wife? She's beautiful. She's gorgeous. She's in the leaven. What? It's exactly why you cheat on her. She's beautiful and gorgeous. She just lays there and bed and doesn't move. She doesn't have to. She's beautiful. But Tiger's got a billion dollars. He wants someone to lick his ass. Like only someone who works in Applebee's can. The gym was shut for you. That was cool. Hate all the fake happy people at the gym. Like, still you're not going to live forever. Check out the front desk on way too many red bulls. What are your goals today? I'm like the fuck you later. I think I'm here for my health. You're the treadmill for a half hour because I'm an ultra marathoner. I type in a half hour. It doesn't stop at a half hour. It keeps going. It's called the cool down. Total bullshit. Cool. That's not more walking on the treadmill. It's the joint in the car on the ride home. Well, I used to love weed. No. Now I can't handle it. It's too good. Yeah, when I was a kid, weed was brown. It had sticks and seeds in it. You're rolling a jug of high. You were lucky to throw a frisbee. Now it's purple. It's called Luke Skywalker's Nuts. Smoke a joint. I got laid out for a week. I wake up. I can't marry you. I pass words. That's all I do all the days. Keep updating passwords. Pass me numbers. I've been letters. I'm happy to capitalize. I've been through the whole penguins roster four times. You have to prove you're not a computer. I can't remember the name of the studio. I'm not a computer. They ask you an emotional question. What was the name of your favorite pet? You used to love Ruby? No, I have Rosie. I don't know. Or they put 10 photos. Wish we would have a stop sign. I'm blind. I got to call my kid in to help me. I went to Lenscraft and it goes, you drove here? I actually failed the DMV I exam. Lady goes, you think enough right? I go, what do you mean to do? She goes, I don't worry about it. We waited in line for three hours. We'll let you drive. My buddy came out from New York City and he wanted to go in an out burger. I'm like, I'll give you a ride. And we're driving down the street and I go, hey, what's that sign saying? He goes, you can't see that sign? I'm like, dude, if you knew what I couldn't see, you wouldn't be in this car. You'd be taking an Uber, you cheap fuck. I had an incident two Sundays ago. I drove through a street fair. I mean, there was shit going on, but I didn't think the street was closed. The cops were cool. The real housewives of Sierra Madre, not so much. It's like, relax, Don. I didn't knock over your dream catcher stand. So I did get a new dog during the pandemic. Now I have two dogs. I just love dogs. I mean, if I was a billionaire, I wouldn't shoot myself in the space. I'd buy every fucking pound. It'd be all my dogs. I love dogs because I'm narcissistic and I'm code dependent. So it's all about me. They just love me. I don't have to ask anybody else about their day. It's all about me. Yeah, we love you. Yeah, it's great. People need pets. Everybody needs pets. Everybody should have pets. But they should have dogs, really. Give me the age I was talking to my guy friends, have cats? I'm like, is that your girlfriend? Then they're like, no. I'm like, ugh. You probably drink Pepsi. Yeah. Have a coke and get a dog, motherfucker. That little kid gave me a juggerina Pepsi. He would attack on them. It's a big, but it birds. I don't know. And he'd teach him to talk. I don't even want my wife to talk. Fight a bird though. I teach my bird my internet passwords. Hey, two K and Sam. What's Yahoo? Malkin 71. Next, Levasion Point. Ha! Some people have ferris. What's that about? Let's just grease them up and stick them in your ass. Why else would you bring a rodent into your home? Some people have guinea pigs, hamsters. One thing you never see. No one ever has a raccoon. Those things will fuck you up. You ever look at a raccoon in the eye? You get a chill down your spine. You're like, oh, I'm sorry. I'm just being the wrong neighborhood. So I have Rosie, the German Shepherd. And I also have my old dog, Ruby, the cutest mutton in the world. And she's like the shot collar of the house. Like, Rosie's afraid of her. Rosie's 130 pounds. Ruby's 30 pounds. She controls Rose. It's hilarious. She's the best dog. But she was paralyzed three years ago. She's all better now, but it cost me $7,000 to get her fixed. Now she's the most expensive thing in my house. I know with the grab that there's a fire on me. Where's the kid? I don't know. Get the dog. The surgeon was nice. I think you have to be when you're charged in $7,000 to fix somebody's dog. When you turn over the $25 donation in the dog's name. I would never put my dog on a love that dog. My wife would never let me. My wife would put me down before the dog. She'd have an itchy, tringer figure too. I'd better not even blink in the hospital. She'd be like, you gone, pull the cord! I'm just a girl! So you're like, what would you do if you could if you could if you could? What would you do? Like if it was my kid, I'd say tough enough, play fizz and favorite, getting a wheelchair. You love space mountain, right? Well, now you're first every time. You get the big bathroom now in a parking space when you're older, just don't ever get on a bus because everyone will hate you. Everyone hates the wheelchair guy in the bus. You're like, fuck, I was in a hurry. Even the driver's busy is getting up and strap him in. It's like, what can go wrong? He's already in a wheelchair. I love drugs. Yeah. Down to the new one this year, Adderall. Fucking awesome. Makes me wish I had a stupid kid. I offered something to my wife, she could be just a cocaine like an adult. Can't smoke anymore but I love gummies. Yeah. One gummy, drive my kid to school, talk to the teacher. Four gummies hang out with my mom all day long. Incident-free. Who died again, remind me. Oh yeah, that's right. Let me go think CBD's a drug, I don't know. If you think CBD's a drug, then you think natural deodorant works. Everybody has Facebook friends that I don't know who they are, but they're your Facebook friend, right? Someone with my Facebook friend and they put on my page. If you love marijuana, you can't be my friend. I'm like, who the fuck are you? She lived in Atlanta and she worked for Taco Bell. How can you be against marijuana and work at Taco Bell? The whole reason you have a job is because of marijuana. There's nobody's sober going, I need a Chalupa. I don't like Taco Bell. I haven't eaten one in 28 years. I live in California, we have real Mexican food. I don't even like their commercials, their commercials offend me. Yeah, the newest one is a beautiful home and like eight people dress nicely sitting in the living room. Can you talk about on the couch in the daylight? Who are these fucking animals? They have access to a kitchen. You think you talk about on the couch in the daytime? Can you talk about on the dark in your car? I just don't like chain restaurants. I can't even start. Who's at the first chiles? This food's awful. Let's make a thousand of them. I'm sure Carl Sr. ran a great hamburger stand. But then Jr. had to go nationwide. Fuck it all up. There is one restaurant they do enjoy. That's Waffle House. Yeah, yeah. A bunch of animals in the crowd. I love it. It was awesome. Listen to this though. I just saw it in the end of the day. Some guy ran naked through a Waffle House and shot a bunch of people. How fucked up do you have to be? To be barefoot in a Waffle House. You see somebody barefoot in a Waffle House. You get the fuck out of there. A person has no will to live. I love food. Food's the only drug I can handle. It's a drug. It is. You ever try to eat one Dorito? You can't eat the whole bag in your licking orange dust off your fingers. I got a fucking crack head. There's a slice of pizza in my fridge. I can't sleep. Oh, wake up at 5 a.m. Like, my kid's not getting this fuck her. You ever eat pizza so hard to burn your face? But you keep eating it anyway. Chicken Parmesan, that's my heroin. I'll eat a whole trig and toy not off. That's my favorite type of day. When you eat so much, you can do it. It's like a nap in a shit. I have a word for that half-pink. Let's have Spanish. It's called a shiesta. Would you take a shiesta? Fuck yeah, man. That's a good day. I love to eat, but I don't like buffets. No. I don't need a sneeze guard. Get me a waitress. That was in Pennsylvania. The guy goes, the buffets are amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing if you were a naked afraid. It's like it's powdered eggs. The only time powdered eggs are amazing if they're served by the red cross. I do like some buffets though. The expensive ones. I have carving stations and omelettes. I don't really like the chef that man them though. I remember when chefs used to be cool. They were like jolly old fuckers. Another old skinny. They're all skinny. They got arm tattoos. Carry their knives around. Do heroin. They all think they're Anthony Bourdain. It's like you're not writing the great American novel. You're working at a Marriott. They all make their own catch-ups. I don't want plums in my ketchup. I want a bottle of Hines. Not Hines. Hines is the Pepsi of catch-ups. I was dating my wife about two months maybe, maybe less than that. We were out of catch-up. We go across the street and get some catch-up. She came back with Hines. I'm like, what the fuck is this? I go, we're going back. Can we go back to my corner store? He sells porn to 12-year-olds and cigarettes to 10-year-olds. Even he was like, I'm sorry. I'll give you your money back. Let's talk some politics. Just kidding. I think I give a shit about politics. My life was so much better when I didn't know the name of any governor. Including my own. I knew it wasn't Schwarzenegger anymore. I voted for Terminator twice. You know when you're 15, who do you want to be in charge? Terminator. He was twice. I voted for the rock for president. He's like Obama on Roads. Put the people's elbow down on China. Hey Putin, you smell what the rock is cooking? The only political thing I am is I'm pro-environment. I used to not be, but then I got a kid. I used to treat the earth like a rent a car. But now I'm like, let's keep it around a while. Some people aren't though. I think we're going to live on Mars one day. Maybe the Kennedy's like Kardashians. Not the 180 people in here on a Monday. There's not going to be a spirit flight to Mars. I love spirit. People don't like spirit. I think it's cheaper than you have seen just as many fights. And they don't really have stewardesses, which is great. I don't know why you like stewardesses. They used to be cool. They used to be air-flirts, like coffee to your meat. They're like air marshals, like worrying about your safety. Just don't hit me with the cart, Bertha. All they do is give you garbage. You have to hand them back in five minutes. Who needs this much ginger ale? Fasin. They're basically just terrible waitresses. They're waitresses that can't get a job on land. That's why they have to fly to Cleveland three times a week to pay their rent. They only do it with straws. I don't care. I'm a man. I haven't used a straw in 45 years. Let's some doing below. But all we're all built for Mother Earth. The bring back paper towels. Fuck the trees. Take a wash in my hands in the men's room because I have to. Because there's somebody else in there. My dick is the cleanest thing in a men's room. I have to hit the syphilis machine to dry them off. I mean, germs are in a men's room. Let's blow them all around a while. Bring back real paper towels, too. Not those one-third fuckers. What's that for? Oh, I knocked over my vizine. I just don't like it environmentally friendly bathrooms. Yeah, the sinks never work. You're always like... The lights are motion-sensored. So if you stop moving, they go out. You're taking a shit that turns into a horror movie. What can I touch to get out of here? They want to do away with plastic bags. Then where the homeless can use for condoms. Oh, you want more homeless people? I'm sick of having to pretend to care about homeless people. They're not cool. If they were cool, they'd have a place to stay. They're not homeless, they're friendless. That you guys are in a good mood. Yeah, America is starting to get happy again, which is nice. Because before the pandemic, people were just sad for no reason. They were worrying about shit that had no effect on their life. They pretended to care. They didn't look at assholes. They're like, oh, I better put a sad emoji on Facebook. Or going to people think I'm an asshole. So then God was like, oh, I'll give you something to fuck and cry about. I'll shut the world down for two years. You want to cry about this bullshit? Remember, pre-pandemic people, like, Houston's underwater! Good! Have you ever been to Houston? Places of human are ballasted to the side of your leg. That place needs a bidet. Puerto Rico doesn't have any power! Did they have power before the storm? I don't think they did. If they did, that means they probably had cable. That means they have the weather channel. That means they have four days to see the storm coming. So Hurricane is on an earthquake. Get a poncho, Pedro. Everyone used to be upset about school shootings. That's one thing the pandemic did away with school shootings. You can't shoot up a Zoom school. As soon as one square goes out, like, locked the door, Johnny! I went to Catholic school. When I was in the algebra class, I wanted someone to come in here. She had to come in to that fucking school. And hit that penguin bitch first. She got to come in. I'm glad nuns are going extinct. There's this other job's rang, realesby, and it's to do. They can work at UPS, they can drive a tow truck. They can work at Arbys because they got the meats. Me and my wife are getting along better. Oh, but... I used to have a thing called sleep apathy. Yeah, it's where you snore, but you're asleep, so you don't give a fuck. How is this my problem? I mean, I'm too broke to get divorced. Only rich people get divorced. Poor people just stay together and hate each other. What's my wife going to do to take half my ACDC CDs? Can't believe the judge gave her a highway to hell. I'm too broke to kill my wife, too. And get away with it. Not like in an OJ where everybody knows, but in a way when only your mother-in-law really kind of knows. Yeah, it used to be if you're rich, you go into crews, you get international waters, you throw a overboard. But then somebody swam back and caught the boat. Imagine looking at an ackeye's face. Is it the buffet having some crab legs? She comes walking in soaking wet. He has to play it off. I was hilarious. I didn't even work up my back. Oh, check, oh, I forgot the Higley core. Oh, you're caught up by anyone, Stephanie. No, now if you're rich, you go to a third world country. You go hiking. You find a high ledge and you push her off. Yeah, there's no CSI Honduras. There's just one corrupt detective. He's not looking for a killer. He's looking for an envelope. Accidentate, said your? See. A lot of nice couples in the crowd. Let me tell you this. If you're in a relationship and you're arguing and you don't have any kids, get the fuck out now. It is never getting any better. What are you arguing about? What's on TV? Me and my wife were the other for 10 years before we had a kid. We only argued five times for them. We're all in the same canoeing trip. Apparently I was too fat to sit in the front. Into lazy to sit in the back. You're a nice couple. If you don't want to have any kids tonight, here's my big tip for the evening. Do not use the pull-out method. A birth control. Apparently some sperm is more potent than others. Mine crawled off her back. It's the truth. It's called the love drop. I feel like you're the hot dog and then you squeeze the mustard. And the first thing that comes out ain't mustard. Well now I call that Isabella. She's a dog. I feel like you guys are a great sports town. Yeah, you can find her. The Bears Old School. I'm a Steeler fan. But I'm an old school student. I feel like I go back to Franco in Lambert. There's all these bandwagon fans. And they think they're big fans. I'm a guy in San Diego. I'm the biggest Steeler fan in the world. If you don't wipe ice off your car, you're not the biggest Steeler fan in the world. If your uncle hasn't been unemployed for 30 years. You're not the biggest Steeler fan in the world. I feel like old school and I fell though. Nowadays it's too much about players safety. It's like hey, if you want to live till you're 70, drive a bus. That's why I love the NHL. They don't really care about players safety. It's like skate with your head up asshole. I love college basketball. Then the winner gets very confusing. ESPN is supporting the women's scores on the ticker and pink. So you can begin half a sleep on the couch. I wake up. Duke lost by 35. Oh, that's women's basketball. I guess I need a bigger TV. So I can see the Astric where it says it doesn't fucking matter. They should put women's basketball on Facebook. Because they're just for their friends and family anyway. I do like some women's sports. Like women's volleyball. Yeah, take it to the beach ladies. Who knew the Lithuanian volleyball team was so hot? Who knew there were beaches in Lithuania? Who knows where Lithuania is? I like women's tennis. Yeah, there's commy broads and they're tight panties. I love serena Williams. Yeah, look at that ass all day long. Oh, what's serena hit balls off a wall all day? I don't really like women's MMA though. I rather watch two sevens fight in the parking lot. Like what's your favorite move of hair pull? Like you think Rhonda Rossi's hot? Yeah, she's hot for a chick that can kick my ass. She's not like stripper hot. Like if she came up and asked you for a lap dance you'd be like, I'm not ready yet. Let's see who else is in the champagne room Rhonda. I do karate. I do. In case I ever host an awards show. Yeah. I'll be like five swords, motherfucker. I do karate because it's all young dudes. And they always like, I'm the oldest dude by like 20 years. But it's fun to hang out with younger people. Because all my older friends just kind of suck. You know, do you think anymore? They kind of get on me. They're like, what's your retirement plan? My retirement plan is to die. And a couple baseball cards. A couple mint rod carouss going to pay the mortgage. Like I'm old enough to be in a vagra commercial. But I've never used vagra. Never had to. I'm not gonna get the same steal. I used to get back in seventh grade. And I was breaking desks. I feel like a rocket ship taking off in your pants. You' re the MTV music. No, now my Russians are more like a helicopter taking off with the sad mashed music. N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n! Grab a towel, radar, grab a towel. Yeah? I still do drugs, huh? It's gonna be smart, though. Like now when you do coke, you have to watch like nine people do it. And then wait like 15 minutes. Okay, it's cool. Yeah, it'd be smart doing drugs. Sometimes you're not. Sometimes I'm not. Like right before the pandemic, I was doing cocaine with my gym card. Cause I'm a baller. I went to the gym the next day and the card still had cocaine on it. Yeah, we took the chick of the front test. She's like, oh, so I grabbed it back and I elect it. And I went up on the treadmill and I was using Bolt for about nine seconds. And I fell back and hit my head. And I woke up and there was like five people standing around and the chick from the front test goes, that's the guy with the cocaine that wants to fuck me. Yeah. Yeah. I kid around about drinking and drugs and rehab. But if you need to go, go. I mean, I'll never go to rehab. Cause I have a swimming pool. If you need to go, please go. I mean it. Cause I've personally put four different people in rehab. I was the last person for different women to hang out with before they got sober. Um, four chicks, rock bottoms. People would say, well, what about your wife? Okay, I'm five chicks, rock bottom. Guys are cool. Who's your favorite porn star? Oh, nice. You know who mine is? Steve Jobs. Yeah, he put porn on your phone. You know how important that is? I travel every weekend. I can't be bringing DVDs through TSA. Try to download porn on your computer. It gets computer aids and dies. We're in some small town. You can't even jerk off to the newscasters. There's a reason why Sally's in the small market. It's that lazy eye. Oh. Used to be there was one salvation. BET on cut. I'm censored rap videos. Nelly Tipdrew was the best. I needed a tip drill. I used to have them in VHS when I came home. It was the best. It was from midnight to three. But it ended exactly at three. No commercial break. Yeah, it went from twerking to the reverend. Juicy ass. Jesus! You don't know despair until you play beat the clock while you beat your cock in Kalamazoo. A lot of gays nowadays, huh? LGBTQXYZ is like an eye chart. I can't read. They let fat people be gay now. Remember before you had at least being shaped to take a dick in the ass? No, everybody's under the rainbow. I made a cheek of these. I was like, what's that? I mean, she said I could do dudes or chicks. I said you were cool. You got to be pro gay though. Yeah. If not, you're just ignorant. Who cares where somebody puts their dick or their tongue or their dildo? Unless it's in you and you don't want it to be. Yeah. I mean, I could never be gay. I have hemorrhoids and sharp teeth. I look at the way I dress everybody off or nothing to the gay community. The gays on shop at Marshalls. Well, the lesbians do. Can't beat two flannels for $7. Gay rights help out everybody though. Even straight guys like me. Last week I was in New York, I did the bathroom really bad. The men's room was packed. So I went in the ladies room. When they came out, all these women were pissed. I'm like, hey, I'm transitioning. From a guy that had to take a dump. No, a guy who doesn't have to take a dump. Where's the parade? You guys are cool. Some towns aren't there. They get upset. They're like, burn her to your gay. I'm like, burn her to your puppets. They're like, Tom Cruise is gay. I'm like, Tom Cruise is a Scientologist. That is so much worse. They got mad when he found out John Travolta was gay. Yeah. His misuse ratted him out. His misuse went jerk him off so he got fired. How stupid is that? He was rubbing him all over or anyway. What's the difference? Nothing to lose your job over. I'd do it. Yeah. That's Vinny Bobberino. That's Vincent Vega. That's Chili Poe Mary. How bad could it be? What's it like to work with Tarantino? Hurry up, okay, go, grease like ningo. That's gonna be great. Thanks for coming to this comedy show. If you've been to one comedy show, you've been to 100 right here. The same thing's right. Mary guys don't get enough blow jobs. The fact of the matter is, Mary guys don't get enough quality blow jobs. My wife sucks a dick like she's forced to give a homeless man CPR. I want her sucking a dick like a mom trying to save a melting ice cream cone. Give me that. Alright everybody, I'm Joe Bartonick. Thank you so much, Ricardo. Thank you. Next time on Bartonick. So, where are you from? California. Where are you really from? Pittsburgh. It was a so fucking heart. Bartonick, it doesn't taste like champagne. Trust me? I don't do happy endings. Oh, how would a grand opening be? A bam! Who are you? Oh, that's Bartonick. Oh yeah, it is. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you.
Wow, thank you guys so much. I'm so excited to be in New York City. This is amazing. Oh, so great to be here. I actually just got back from my high school reunion. Yeah, they asked if I wanted to perform at it. I was like, I would rather strip at my family reunion. Then tell jokes to the girl who, during class, pierced her own belly button with a stapler. Yeah, grew up in a real methe area. My high school crush showed up with a marijuana leaf tattooed on his face. I was still in denial. I was like, well, someone's not afraid of commitment. I come from some weird DNA. My parents met playing in a professional foosball tournament. So if you're embarrassed to met your spouse on Tinder, could be worse. I literally wouldn't exist if it weren't for foosball. Which is sad. Some of you wouldn't exist if it weren't for boxed wine. So it's like, I would ever. It's weird. Not only is my dad a pro foosball player. He's also a slam poetry champion. He's an international yo-yo man. My dad has the sex appeal of a fanny pack. I'm lucky though, because most parents are disappointed if their kid becomes a comedian. But my circusy parents are like, wow, you did a show and they paid you $12. You're like a lawyer. Oh, didn't pass the bar. You guys just set the bar very low. We're a nerdy family. Like I have the deadly peanut allergy, but some people just think I'm on a diet. Because last week I turned down a peanut butter cookie and the woman said, oh, come on, live a little. I was like, I'm actually trying to live a lot. Not counting calories, just dodging death. I have so many allergies. I'm allergic to latex. Found that one out in a fun way. Yeah, my biggest fear is a peanut butter and condom sandwich. And it's scary because I'm actually allergic to most allergy medicines. It's like Charles Darwin just waving by, girl. You ain't making it. I'm like the millennial mascot. All millennials and me systems look like the Charlie Brown Christmas tree. All fragile and exposed. Older generations are scared of things like gluten. Old people are made of toast. My mom just told me that when she was pregnant with me, she only ate instant mashed potatoes, kittles, and donuts. I was like, oh, that's why I'm broken. I got coffee with a friend recently and she told me that she's trying to be a better person. I was like, oh, that's nice. What do you have been doing? She goes, well, I'm taking less selfies. Oh, take it easy, mother Teresa. Say some of the Lord's work for the rest of us. Everyone says we're so self-absorbed now with our selfies, but I think we were way worse before that. Because at one point, we were all in school and we all had school picture day. And then we ordered physical copies of photos of ourselves and gave them to people. Like narcissistic sociopaths. Can you imagine doing that now as an adult? She's going up to a coworker, unprompted like, I signed it. Thank you guys so much. Oh, my goodness. Kelsey Cook, everybody. Come on, Kelsey. Visit Kelsey Cook.
Before COVID, I was on a plane sitting next to a really old man and I had my notebook out and he leans over and goes It's nice to see somebody writing and not on their phone And I was like oh he doesn't know I'm writing jokes about come Like suddenly candy crushes it seems so bad no window Oh Feels kind of weird to start over in my 30s, but at least I know now what I like and don't like in a relationship For example, I don't care how hot you are. I'm not gonna eat your ass Not a fan of the devil's chocolate And I don't want you to eat mine either Women have a lot of holes down there. It's like a mini golf course Just skip the one that's in a lagoon I never wanted to do that most of you dudes have real blue collar assholes I don't want a lot of maintenance going on That thing works at lows Unless you're like a male stripper it's usually not a great situation back there. It's like the crack between two couch cushions I'm just goldfish crapper Part of a broken Christmas ornament It's a choking hazard frankly I'm not gonna swallow a paper clip so you can come anyway And That is the joke I wrote that sealed man on the plate Now you know Went to an idea didn't want to be to do it so badly. He was like come on just lick it like make it a presentable meal Oh That's sprinkle some parsley back there light again You would never invite someone over for dinner. You're like hope you don't mind. I've actually never cleaned the place I'm into your 37 years Sorry, it smells like shit This is a one star on yelp situation I'm Gordon Ramsay wouldn't hate your anus just Disguise it
I'm not a dancer, I can't dance, you can look at me until I can. I just learned this shit here. Just got the motherfucker, just hey, hey! People look at you like you're gonna do that shit, no? You kiss my ass motherfucker. I just learned this shit, that's what got me on too. Now these hip-hop motherfuckers out here, man. I don't do it, little Jerry curl checking the room, that's what I'm looking for. Alright, don't get scared now, hang on, point you out in the shit. That's good, that's good, you know curls in the room. Oh, you know curl street, brother, you right on the goddamn street. And your shit's moist, I like that. You gotta keep your shit moist if you got a curl. Nothing in the world worse than a dry ass Jerry curl. Cause you, yo shit's moist, you took time to moist in your shit. You was in the mirror at home before you got here moistening your shit. You take a long time to moist in your shit, you been in the mirror going, you're gonna be in the mirror. You're gonna be in the mirror. You're gonna be in the mirror. You're gonna be in the mirror. And then you look at the man's bump, I think I need another bottle. This is great, this is great, I love this shit man. I'm getting older man, I'm getting older, that's cool, it's cool, ain't I? It's just dry, goddamn. God damn, you shit, you shit's dry. I like that no girl, I like that no girl. But I like this, this is younger cross, I'm getting older, I'm getting older. You know when you get older, when you get older you speak different, right? Like younger, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all speak different, it's a different type of language, y'all get help, it's a help language, you're universal, you've seen it, and they ride, what's up? In the head move, you've seen that? Amen, what's up? How you doing? You ever seen that? I'm gonna first, I'm gonna fuck where you go, they do it. Oh man, what's up? Then, then, when you get older like my age, you know, my man, I'm here like my daddy, my daddy don't do that shit. Oh man, speak differently, oh man, speak like this. Watch out there now. Oh man, don't do that. That's not gonna happen. I'm gonna fuck where you go, you know? I'm gonna fuck where you go. I'm gonna fuck where you go, you know? Oh man, keep going. Oh man, keep going. Come on, keep going. Come on, keep going. Love it, shit. Not in the world, man. That's making people laugh. I love it. Best job in the world. You get to see shit. You get to talk about shit. They say I have a commercial in Atlanta. I should live in Atlanta. I don't even know if they played it here. It was a cool-aid commercial. I'm gonna come here. The lady was on there. She'd come on the radio. She'd go, who's gonna call the Kool-Aid? Remember that? And look, girl, it go, dad. Dad, I'm gonna call the Kool-Aid. Oh, people go into Kool-Aid. Just, oh, God damn. What the hell is the bastard doing all the Kool-Aid? They didn't even swallow that motherfucker. Hold on now. Don't beat my kids in the moment. That's what I like about black people. We beat our kids. We forked their ass. We beat the fuck out of them. My daddy used to walk, man. Come on, come, come here. Stand right there. Hold your lips up here. Now get outside and play. Whop your ass. And then you got these people. You know who we are. I've seen you in the store. Some sad shit. You don't beat the kids. You don't beat them. You just grabbed them up, fuckers, and shake the fuck out. You never seen them. Just, you, fuck, you, fuck your ass. God damn, it's gonna rock out. Shake the fuck out. Son, get to... Well, the fun has a lucky piece out in your head. Thank you all, man.
If you are here tonight, thank you for coming. If you are not here tonight, welcome. It is of course okay that you couldn't make it and we've been thinking about you. Between the time this was recorded and now, several times and then exponentially more after the recording. Wherever you are starting now here, but well before now, there, know that you have been in our thoughts. Often this is something we only expect from those close family members and long lost friends. But here we are, a room full of strangers thinking about you. On your train to work in New York, your coat matches your shoes. Nice. In Sweden, riding your bicycle to the fish market, no cheeks flush with color. It's cold out there. I wish I spoke Swedish. So I could tell you something nice. In Texas, on your way to the barbecue restaurant, the one that sells cigarettes and makes fresh lemonade. We love that place. I wish I spoke Texas. So I could tell you something racist. You may have found us by chance or may have been looking for us in either case. We have thought about you specifically. You once said stand up is for crippled narcissists. Fine. You once said stand up is the only true art. Correct. Maybe not the only true art. Some say it's vegan pastries. Some say it's the apology email. Some say it's the rolling stop. Some say that the only true art is forcing the one thing that you know about a topic into a conversation about that topic regardless of whether or not it is constructive. But all of you are correct. And no, sign language is not universal. That couldn't be further from the truth. Not only are they all different, oftentimes countries have different sign languages. You would have been closer to the truth if you had said all verbal languages are the same. Why would you say that? It was very wrong and you said it way too quickly. Thank you for making me look that up. You're the crippled narcissist. Some of you are the same person from before. It's understood that you have only now began to think of us. We're not worried about any inequity in this relationship. We're happy to be thinking about you. And now you're here, thinking about us. It was the earliest you could have recently been expected to do so. Thank you for all of this for giving and thank you for thinking of us several times and then exponentially more after this recording. Alright guys, let's do this. Alright, thank you guys. Oh man. Oh man, I couldn't be happier with an honor. Thank you for being here. I couldn't imagine a better night. I'm just glad there wasn't a mass shooting today. I'm not worried about that. I don't know. I'm not worried about that. Guys, my name is Nate. I'm a good person. I just want to start off by saying that. You can't tell these days. Ladies, I mean, it's your world. Okay, I'm on board. I'm all caught up on handmaid's tail. I sit down to pee now. No, I've sat down to pee for a while. Smart phones ever since. I've pretty much been a hard feminist ever since I got my Galaxy S8. You got to be productive, fellas. Be productive. If you're not sitting down to pee, I don't know what the hell you're doing with your time. So, woman's economy, stay competitive. What are you doing up there? You're pissing on your shoes. That's what you're doing. You're up here pissing on your shoes. The rest of us are down here running several small businesses. Or a one-fourton-five hundred company. I'm doing most of my work on the toilet at this point. No, ladies, hopefully men are taking this opportunity to correct their behavior. I hated Pepe La Pue. I always hated Pepe La Pue. I didn't understand it. It caused me anxiety as a young boy. I was confused. I didn't know why this rape squirrel was... Who is this squirrel who rapes? And why is that what we have to do to enjoy our favorite time of the week? This squirrel who rapes. I know it was a skunk, but I was focused on the rape. I didn't have time to parse small mammals. There was a full-on rape going on. That's just a strange...it was strange. It taught me that men could be animals. Somebody did Pepe La Pue. Somebody made that. That's an odd legacy for an artist. It's a very strange way to handle your sexual deviancy. Illustrate them and show them to children. No, I'm a good person. I've always been a good person. I don't identify with jerking off in front of someone. I didn't know that was a thing. I've never tried it. If I had, I'd still be doing it. I wouldn't have been able to finish. I'd still be just yanking away. Like a lawnmower. I know I look like a performer, but I'm a little bit camera shy. I don't understand how you could just make somebody responsible for your deviancy. Never done anything like that. Low-level fuckboy shit. I hit on my chiropractors receptionist. That was a low point. Don't do that. What are you doing, buddy? You're not here to get shows. You're here to get looked at. Maybe take the day off, Stallion. What are you doing here at the office? Oh, well, I take classes at UCLA. I like to make my own jewelry. What do you do when you're not paying a medicine man to sort through your crumbling infrastructure? Good one. Well, I like to iron my money. I like to charge my Bluetooth. I like to keep my Bluetooth charged. I like to keep my Bluetooth fully charged. I'm an established elder statesman with lots of business to attend to via Bluetooth. I will tell anybody that will listen what it was like to write directions down on paper. Do you remember that? Of course you don't. I'll get out of here. That's not the exit. I'm back. Get it? No. I'm pretty sure I could vote when you were born. I'll see you later. You did used to have to write directions down on paper. It's a full of two generations that have no idea what I'm talking about when I say that. First of all, you were tethered to a wall. And you had to wait for the person at the place where you were calling to get back to their wall. Then they had to answer the phone without even knowing who was calling them. You might have to hear in someone's voice that they regretted answering the telephone. It's a part of socialization that has just gone away. And then if you could get their address from them before they thought of a reason not to give it to you, then you wrote it down on paper and you went and got marijuana. I tried to explain this to a 24-year-old recently. She looked at me like I told her I fought in the Korean War. She said, wait, how did you send text messages? How did you get text messages? You couldn't do it. Only the president could send and receive text messages on a cell phone the size of a refrigerator. From the basement of the Pentagon. No, but I got engaged. Thank you. Thank you. You've got damn right. No. Met my fiancee at a yoga studio outside of yoga. I followed her out of yoga. And she saved me from being the kind of person that would follow a woman out of yoga. Real quick. What'd you just say to me? Get over here. Do you do this all the time? Don't answer that. Yes, I'll marry you. No, I highly recommend it. Fellas, get yourself an alibi. That's what I say. A lot of accusations flying around out there, Fellas. You get yourself a character witness. And you do what they say. You find somebody you like what they like. Or you just find somebody you like what they like. And often I give a fuck whether or not you like what they like. You do what they say. And then maybe they'll testify on your behalf in a corner of the lock. Nate, why weren't you at the woman's march? Oh, well, my gal works real hard. So she wanted to sleep in. And as you put her feet in my mouth, how about that? I hosted the woman's march. I hosted one woman's march. How about that? Think globally at locally. That's what she tells me as she jams her foot in my mouth. Is that too much for the album? We can cut anything out. We can cut anything out. No, you know who I really feel for? I feel the most for Melania Trump because she's clearly a spy. She's the most spy looking spy that I've ever seen. Please, that is the most lizard looking. I spy with my little eye, the first lady in the United States of America as a motherfucking spy. That is a spy and she is sad because she can't do her job. She was trained to fuck in 20 languages or whatever she was trained to do. And she's just the most bond-villain looking bond-villain I've ever seen. If they were auditioning for a bond-villain and Melania Trump walked in, they'd be like, it's too much. We're sorry. Thank you, Melania. Thank you very much. Little on the nose. Thank you. We are going for subtlety and good luck you're doing great work, but not on this project. And she just, you see, or she just stands behind him. She's just like, oh, please, Vladimir, just let me use my knives, please. Why did you raise me in laboratory in active volcano if I can't use my knives? No, Melania, you've got to let Donald be Donald. Please, it's America. I enjoy ourselves. Just be poison one stepchild. I will just poison one stepchild. I'm so good at poisoning stepchild, and please, I will clip breakables on Air Force One and parachutes to safety in Bahamas, please. I've been in LA for 10 years now. I like it. I like it a lot. LA is perfect. It makes perfect sense to me at this point. Sure, plastic surgery is an ethnicity. But it just, you know, it's New York if New York was in Hawaii. And that's, you know, it's disorienting because you're like, why act? And like that, you know, it's like, hey, man, why act? Oh, you've been in traffic for four hours for the last 30 years? Okay, I get it. Every day for the last 30 years. Okay, that makes sense. There is a lot of plastic surgery in my neighbor. There's a lot of plastic surgery. And I just, I feel bad for plastic surgeons. Because you never see the victories. You always see the losses. I mean, you never miss it when somebody looks like an armadillo with a human mouth, you know? But nobody ever shouts out their plastic surgeon, you know. People love their dry cleaner in LA. Every dry cleaner I go to, there's headshots all over the floor. LA, why do you think that your dry cleaner gives a fuck about your career? It's so strange. I've been in dozens of dry cleaners in LA. I've never recognized a single headshot. If you are dropping off your own dry cleaning, your dry cleaner doesn't watch your headshot. Okay? You think you booked one Bud Light commercial. The victory parade starts as your dry cleaners. And I've never seen your Bud Light commercial. You've seen the TV in the back. It's either Telomundal or the Korean channel that I don't know. I've never seen that channel outside of a dry cleaner. I like my neighborhood. I live next to a yacht club. I live next to a yacht club in a rent control department. Because I like to keep rich people on their toes. I like to make eye contacts while I hang my laundry from my patio furniture. I live next to a yacht club because gentrification is a problem. So I'm not afraid to live in a neighborhood that is nice and has always been nice. I don't need my neighborhood to have been taken from generations of Latino families. Or in this neighborhood's case taken from generations of Korean families who took it from generations of Latino families. Is this too close to home for some of you? Or should I say too close to someone else's home? Sure. What I like from my yoga studio to have been a food pantry? Of course I would. Would I like to go to a chocolateeer that used to help single mothers do their taxes? Obviously I would like that. But some of us have to diversify Marina Del Rey, California. It's a nice neighborhood. I get jump in some neighborhoods. Any neighborhood with graffiti on the trees? Why the trees? I'm willing to bet that your target audience does not read trees. Any neighborhood with a boost mobile store? I like 12 liquor stores can't hurt a community like one boost mobile store does. Why are we letting boost do this to our communities? As far as I can tell, boost mobile only works at bus stops on speakerphone. There's no way to communicate. I stay in my car. So I don't get sucked into a conversation that was not meant for me. Anybody here like to put your phone on speaker in public? Any other full blown psychopaths in the world? Who do you think you are? Who the fuck do you think you are? That you're going to make us listen to the whole thing? You're going to make us listen to both sides of this bullshit? How far up your own ass do you get cell phone reception? That you're going to make us listen to both sides of this bullshit? Don't get me wrong, I like technology. That's a good sign. I like technology. I'm not that good with it. I don't want to brag about being stupid, but I might have voted for Donald Trump if he'd told me that I would never have to download Adobe Flash. I would never have to download Adobe Flash Player ever again. Please make it stop. I can't be the only one having this much trouble with Adobe Flash Player. I'm pretty sure last week Adobe Flash Player told me I needed Adobe Flash Player to use Adobe Flash Player. Please make it stop. But he did not promise that, so he's a racist psychopath. Again, I love doing this. That joke from millennials. They're just like, you just go into preferences and you can shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. Just give me another Flash Player. Somebody invent a new Flash Player. I don't know how to be better invention than most of the stuff on the market. Not in favor of self-driving cars, I think that's a bad idea. First of all, nobody in this room has ever felt confident sitting down on a toilet with a sensor on it. Never one time. Yeah, because you knew you were going to get the fire hose. You knew you were going to get public toilet water inside your body. And it doesn't leave you. You don't come back from that. I got toilet water from the Milwaukee Airport from six years ago inside me right now. But that's what we're doing with our inventions. We're putting toilet water inside each other. I don't know, I think we can no longer tell the difference between an invention and an idea. Used to be easier. Here's a question. Which came first? The hose or the straw? I didn't know either. But I was pretty sure I could invent the second one. It's the same thing. It's just smaller and backwards. I looked it up. It was the hose. The hose was patented in 1668. The straw wasn't patented until 1885. Which means that for over 200 years people walked around like assholes. Drinking their gin tonics through a goddamn garden hose. Because they lived in a magical time when there was no difference between ideas and inventions. Anything could happen back then. People had shame and humility and they didn't think they could run up and patten a short straight backwards hose for their gin tonics. Before sliced bread. That's when that was. Magical time. They always talk about since sliced bread. They won't shut the fuck up about everything that happens since sliced bread. But can you imagine what it was like living in a time when portioning a loaf of bread made you a force for change in the world? Oh my god. What else was still available? You know? It's a magical time. Since sliced bread nothing. Nothing worth a fuck. If the twist tie, fine, the twist tie. You need the twist tie otherwise your sliced bread is all over the floor. Couple things. What? White out? Oh good. You figured out that selling a gallon of paint and half ounce bottles was going to be... ...profitable for your families. Now your grandson gets laid in cancun three times a year. Congrats on your pat and munchingly go fuck yourself. A lot of supply side inventions, you know. Not anything that we need just something that somebody came up with and got somehow gotten to the market. And that's what we're stuck with. You know blankets with sleeves. Bottled water and shit. Supply side inventions. I don't know how some of this shit make. Look at me in my fucking face. And tell me that the market demanded self driving toilets. Look me in my fucking face and tell me that at a bowling alley you need self driving toilets. You can't even keep doors on the stalls. I'll flush the toilet. I rented the shoes. I'll flush the toilet. At a bowling alley. Bush. Bush. I got it. Every time. I don't need spare me the public animal. Thank you. But that's what we're doing. We're putting toilet water in each other. I don't know who's inventing this shit. I know exactly who invented the automatic toilet flushing system. His name is John T. Barrett. Pat number US479179. I googled it in a bathroom stall with my pants around my ankles because I want him dead and I want his family dead. You are putting toilet water inside me, friends? Oh. Buddy, you do not deserve your mansion. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's just any asshole with Wi-Fi can be fucking in order to be cheap. We already had self driving cars. They're called trains. Trains. That's what trains are. That's what they're going to walk this back to. Because these things, the robots are going to keep killing people and they're going to have to keep... What if we put them in a row? On a track? We'll put them on a track. Oh, that was trains? Okay, that was trains. Does anybody got the patent on trains yet? What about trains with sleeves? Leonardo da Vinci. Yeah, see that back then? Anything was possible. Leonardo da Vinci got credit for over 500 inventions. Most of them were just drawings in a notebook. I think that's awesome. I also think the word doodle hadn't been invented yet. Because that's not how shit works now. The reason is he was at... He lived an amazing life. He was a military contractor and a member of a painter's union. Oh, wow. That was life. That life does not exist anymore. You either fly drone strikes or you like watercolors. You either murder people with robots in the sky or you paint sailboats. Can't do both. Not anymore. You want to murder people with robots in the sky. The first thing they do is make you turn in your watercolors. The military knows painters make shitty killers. Also, if your painters are your killers, there's not much left to fight for. But can you imagine that getting credit for just just being in history for your... Your trapper keeper? The patent troll. That's when he invented the patent troll. God forbid you made a prototype of a tank out of iron and steel. Sorry. Leo da Vinci drew a picture of a rifle sticking out of a turtle shell. So we're going to go ahead and give him credit for the weapon that wins World War II. Once you take your non-functioning lawnmower back to the river peasant. We still let one guy invent everything though. Steve Jobs, you know, there's a perfect example. Good invention. The iPhone. Changed society. Supply side invention. The iPhone screen. Because now all you iPhone people are trapped. You have to go to the Apple Store twice a year because it's the new DMV. And... You've got to get your screens fixed. I've never seen an Android with a crack screen. I've never seen an iPhone that didn't look like it had been beaten with a sock full of nickels. And people are viewing the world through the shattered windshield of a fatal car crash. I could throw my phone out the window of a moving cart. You'll look bounce back into my hand bit conversation. There's nothing left to invent anymore. Nothing left for assholes to invent anymore. Vaped flavors. You could invent vape flavors. That's the last thing. There's a healthy market out there for ruining everybody's favorite childhood candy flavor. I used to vape before it was cool back when there was only one vape flavor. The original vape flavor. Other people's fajitas. It's the best. It's the best. And everybody loves it. It's a hit. There's nothing better than when somebody else's fajitas walk in the room. Oh, I'll vape the shit out of your fajitas. Oh god. Not cool, they would say, as I hovered over their fajitas. You'll see, I told them. And I was right. I was right. Because now we live in a vape-based economy. And all the kids are hooked. Every kid in America's got a car battery in their pocket that they pull out and feed into their neck. And then make a sit in it. Vaped orcs, can you just blow it over your shoulder? I would be fine with vapes if you just smokers blow it over their fajitas. And then just smokers blow it over their shoulder. You people trap us. And you're caught in candy basement. It's disgusting. Did I just taste your lungs? Why would you make that happen? Why would you make that, Andrea? What is on the bottle? Because I taste butter scotch flood damage. That's what I taste. How do they sell it to you? Well, this year's called Dennis' Office Toothpaste. Everybody else around you tastes a Senate candle and a drainage ditch. To you, it tastes like experiment. Weed vapes. Love weed vapes. Weed vapes are the best. Smoked out weed. Weed is actually still not legal up in the entire country. It's hilarious to me. You can eat weed now. You didn't use to be able to eat weed. I can eat weed again. The dose is just right there. It's beautiful. Used to be real Russian roulette eating weed back in the day. Yeah, it was not advisable. I would do it. It was not advisable. You didn't put one bullet in a revolver. You put five bullets in the revolver. Maybe you didn't shoot yourself in the face. Because you put your hippie friend in charge of the weed butter. You might have a nice day in the park. You might find out you were allergic to your own brain. Yeah, yeah. I have a demon allergy. I found that out early on. I allergic to my demons and brownies with marijuana in them unlock the gates to hell. Eating weed was like the stay puff marshmallow man. Candy strong enough to murder you with childhood memories. I used to eat weed like Asians drink. It didn't agree with me and you could see it on my face. Thank you for laughing at that. That's a joke about Asian glow. If you don't know what Asian glow is, well then which one of us is being more racist right now. It's because Asians have a more common alcohol allergy to get rosy in the cheeks. Sure. It's because they're genetically more pure. Sorry Nazis. They are. They didn't diversify like some ethnicities and that's the process through which humans build up a tolerance to poisons like alcohol. So if you're good at drinking, it's because you're a mud blood pig person. You should probably get yourself a banjo. Now everybody does something though. I eat weed or crossfit, people like to do crossfit. Crossfits like if a panic attack was a lifestyle. It's community service without the community. I don't do crossfit. I just help my friends move. That's really what crossfit is. Do you like helping your friends move but don't have any friends? Crossfit. I just like my activity to have a point to it. You know I want a hoop or a net. I want to trick my body to think there's a reason for this bullshit. You know something to go against. Even yoga it's you versus whatever awful mixtape the instructor has put together for you. Whatever hour and 15 minutes of world music she's assembled over eight trips to burning man or some shit. Trying to learn how to meditate for the first time. She pops in a 90 minute bongo solo from her ex boyfriend. Who put this woman in charge of my spirituality? Some of you think you maybe never tried yoga but you have if you've ever tried to take a shit in a airplane bathroom. Mirror. Mirror. Mirror you get real in touch with yourself doing airplane yoga. I do like sports. I'm a big football fan. Excited for football season. Every time I watch the NFL I realize how far away I am from a career in the NFL. Last season I saw a guy run a kick back for a touchdown and it's the hardest thing I can imagine doing in sports. As he got into the clear the last 30-40 yards you know he watched himself on the jumbo track. If I see myself reflected in more than one mirror at one time I lose control of all my motor skills. This dude is running from 11 300 pound murder machines. Still has time to watch television. His self on live television. If I see myself on the security monitor at 7 11 I'd belly flop into a Dorito round. My career in the league is over. You ever see yourself on the monitor? You never do anything cool you know. Never do anything productive on the security monitor. You catch yourself catching glimpse of yourself. It's just a ghost of Christmas present. You're showing your life to you. Oh there you are Nate again. Hunched over a counter just a failed pile of a consumer. Inaccurate inefficient taking tube socks back to a Walmart on a Wednesday afternoon. Good lord but yeah go ahead scratch your leg with your other leg. This is really happening. Did we try to find it? Why you trying to find it? For those of you listening at home I just played a video of an ostrich chasing a man on a mountain bike. Now I couldn't be more supportive of the players. I don't know this whole anthem protest. It's clearly an important moment. There's clearly a problem in society. One in 15 black men are in prison right now. One in 15 white men are at Starbucks right now. And if one in 15 white men were in prison, prison might have Starbucks. Why people just act like you know a little bit right? The players aren't complaining because somebody put pickles on their hamburgers right? People are getting shot in the fucking streets with taxpayer money. I don't know maybe all the good cops became firefighters. I don't think that's true but you never see a firefighter beat the shit out of an old lady he saved from a burning building. Stop smoldering man. You never see a firefighter tas a cat out of a tree. Why people are acting like black people should be acting. If there was a black NRA I would join it today out of principle. Why people are losing it. Couldn't even handle when they did in zone dances. NFL players couldn't do an in zone dance for 20 years. That was a dark time in the league. I can't think of a better time to dance than when you score a touchdown in the National Football League. You score a touchdown in that NFL. You should have to dance for 90 seconds. This should be how they determine the extra point. No more kickers. You could make a kicker dance. You could put a helmet on a skinny white dude make him do the worm real good. Seven points. Fat kicker please. Make a fat kicker dance. Nothing will bring the country together like a fat kicker dancing. Why? Why do we care so much about football players? Why does it shake us to our core? I don't know why we get so pure tanical. It's not the Vatican. It's mortgage.bank. That won't be the same name field in five years anyway. We will bulldoze Indian burial grounds to build a Chipotle. I can't watch a wide receiver salsa dance and buffalo. I can't watch a wide receiver salsa dance. I can't watch a wide receiver salsa. Yeah white people are losing it. I can say that I have a white friend. White people stay in the pocket. You're going to be okay. You're going to be okay. You don't have to retreat into your lizard brain. The elected a tantrum. Build a wall. Mexicans are digging tunnels. If you're going to be racist, be a smart racist. You're just gonna make them feel better about their tunnels. Whoa, we're specks of dust hurling through the universe. Nobody knows the answer. I'm whining about toilet water. But you might as well build a door in the woods. You might as well build a door in the woods. Lock it if it makes you feel better. Kids and cages, you should be ashamed of yourself. You're fucking losing it, white people. Yeah, damn. What are you scared of? What do you think is gonna happen? Rapists? They fucking came through thousands of... Hundreds of miles, thousands of miles of rocks and fucking sand. In the heat, the moon, if the moon was the sun. Not for air conditioning? Not for a job to make a better life for their family? No, to rape. Definitely to rape. That's how bad Mexicans want to rape. Fucking corny, white lie, fucking assholes. Nobody wants to fuck your sloppy mall daughters. If there is a race war, I just hope they don't settle it with a race. My people will lose that. I don't care how much crossfit we do, we're losing that. You know who would win that race, the ostrich. The ostrich would win that race, hands down. I don't know why there's no football teams with an ostrich for a mascot. Real quick. They're the fastest animal on two legs and it's not even close. I did see a video of it. It turned my world upside down. Did you know an ostrich can run 15 miles an hour with no arms? When was the last time you tried to run full speed with your arms behind your back? Give it a shot, you lose all your teeth. Just running with its neck, just up here, just a feat of engineering. Just fucking going, man. When we made up this horrible lie about the ostrich that they're cowardly, that they stick their heads in the sand, they don't. Female ostrichs will turn their eggs with their faces. It's a pretty hard core, actually. And then the rest of them have to get out of view because their heads, they got those big food faces, they're 20 feet up in the air. They're like a balloon at Coachella that you find your friends with. Lions and tigers like, meet me at ostrich for a lunch. They're out there, man. They're nature's kick returner. How are they not at least one football team? Just dipping and diving, just running. Not in the cage didn't van wonder when they stopped serving brunch at the resort. They're out there, running for their lives. They'll run up next to you on the highway, wink at your girl. Turn your head for a second, ostrich is taking your girl to Denny's right up under your nose. And she'll be back. Because he's an ostrich. But you're going to have to hide that from your families. And you better hope that on your wedding day, you don't have to sick your groomsman on some emotional ostrich outside the church. Dipping and diving, doesn't care about your groomsman. They're running from lions and tigers and bears for millennia. Treat your groomsman like a goddamn cone drill, alright? Stepping on your tin cans on your honeymoon mobile. Clocking promises that your girl threw a rolled up window. What's he saying? Your mother-in-law will scream. Ostrich's taste good. I'm impressed that they're still alive. Horrifying feet, the ostrich. Oh, you thought I was done? Traxed our legs, dinosaur feet. That ostrich has no business leaving the house in the morning with its feet uncovered. No, if there is a race for the price, I'll look with a saw rifles. I think it was 20, maybe 25 mass shootings ago. I got into a fight with a kid on Facebook because I'm a grown man that gets in Facebook fights. He told me that my car was just as dangerous as an AR-15 assault rifle. I said, hold the fuck on. You're having an O5 Honda Accord. One of the windows doesn't work. Okay, 19-year-old from Arkansas, let's talk about this for three hours. I'm not good at time management. All right, I mean, it's not even realistic. We've lost something in this country. I'll pretend. If I wanted to kill as many people as I could with my O5 Honda Accord, I would get in it. I would go to Walmart and I would buy an AR-15 assault rifle. Because those things are fucking meat ruiners. We know it. It's ridiculous. You don't hundreds of millions of Americans who get to work every day riding their AR-15s. Fucking idiot. This is not realistic. These are poor shit lies that you're telling us. You don't need two assault rifles to raise four kids in the suburbs. It's nonsense. We have these fucked-ups. I don't buy into this good guy with a gun fantasy. That's just some poor shit that they tell men with no law enforcement experience, no military training so that they can entertain some fantasy about saving a shopping mall. They wouldn't shoot the cashier at Gat-Zooks while they were trying to get their head sweatshirt. If you don't feel safe without an assault rifle, it tells me a couple things about you. First of all, you never made clean contact with a pinnacle. You were straight air balls the whole time. Nothing but air. You didn't make clean contact. One time, other kids did the damage. They got candy. You got tears. It taught you to hate yourself. It taught you to hate Mexicans. I don't want you around guns. I definitely don't want you around people with your guns, man. Those people don't have your candy. The people that take your candy are long gone. If they did, you would just ruin the candy because your new whiffle ball bat shoots 800 rounds per minute. All right, let's lighten the mood. A Borschen. I support a woman's right to an abortion, obviously, mostly because I have paid for one. And when you go to the school, you root for the team. Yeah. Learned a lot from that. First of all, if men could get pregnant, you could get an abortion at a fucking ATM. It's not even realistic. That's if men could get pregnant, part of becoming a notary public would be learning how to administer an abortion. You could go to FedEx and get your weekends back. We'd be giving them to each other. No guy in this room would be like, oh, I guess I'll just do what the good book says. Get the fuck out of here. It's just men controlling women. I don't care how Christian you are. If you needed one win to make your fantasy football playoffs. And Tom Brady got pregnant. You would want that handled in the locker room like a sprained ankle. Light on me all you want. Just don't lie to yourselves, gentlemen. I learned a lot from that. When the told me she was pregnant, it's like, all right, well, this is more difficult for you than it is for me. So I support what you want to do. Whatever you choose, I support. I just want to do, I just want you to know that I want what you want. She looked me dead in the face. She said, oh, that's nice. But what I want is for you to know that I don't give a fuck what you want. And I fell in love because I knew shit was going to get handled. That is some gangster ass shit. That's not how somebody that wants to start a family with you talks to your face. I don't understand our obsession with guns, but I do understand the fear component. Because our brains don't give a shit about us. We're not even in control in the least bit. I grind my teeth. That's something a lot of people do I think. I did it my whole life and I used to wait my pain. I used to pop my teeth. I have to wear these big stupid things. Because when I go to sleep at night, my brain eats my teeth. Eats my teeth. That's the worst thing you can eat. That's above glass and concrete. Glass has food value. You need your teeth. You have to have your teeth. Cavemen, you broke your jaw, you died. You couldn't even help through a straw. There was no jambajus. Now I could get new teeth, but my brain doesn't know that. So it's just altogether destructive. And I understand. I understand that we are just limited by our own existence. I saw a guy in a Nissan Versa with a Hawaii license plate, not in Hawaii. Which means that he bought a boat ticket for a Nissan Versa. And I just want to say, man, you got a trust. You got to trust yourself to get to another Versa. You're going to get there, man. Life is a series of Versa. It's a $1,500 boat ticket. It's at least half the value of a Nissan Versa. What are you doing? You can't do that. I'm not saying, I'm a ditch it in a parking lot walk away. Like there's a bomb in the trunk. I'm saying, get on Honolulu Craigslist. Flip that Versa. It's probably a very nice Craigslist in Honolulu. Have a little fun. Get a couple things for the road. Flip your Versa. Add it to your Versa boat ticket money. Find a new Versa. Start a new life with a new Versa. That's in the same place in life as you are. That wants the same things that you do. There's other fish in the sea. But you don't want any old fish. You want your Versa. You got it in your head that that's the only Versa. A little it is. The only Versa in the sea. There's never been another Versa on a boat before. You made that happen, friend. That is a prison of your own design. You got emotional about your first Versa. I started sailing it all over the goddamn Pacific Ocean. And now you're stuck in Nebraska with a Versa that can't stop thinking about Hawaii. But it's hard to trust yourself. It's hard to trust yourself. Your brain will do whatever it wants. I went skydiving. And I was always told that skydiving felt like flying. It does not. You are definitely falling. You are falling very fast. But you have a small French woman on your back. She is the only thing that's going to save you. And you are very happy that she's there. What happens is you fall for long enough that your brain tricks you into thinking that you're flying. Well, okay. If your brain can trick you into thinking that you're flying, then your brain can definitely trick you into thinking that you're falling. One of those things you do naturally. And I don't know why folks just fall slower. Maybe you don't get the F maybe just get the F-150 next time. Maybe you don't eat the whole dessert pizza tonight. I'm sorry, but it's not Mexicans fault that you didn't make the payments on your pontoon boat. And it's not about race, but I don't know. Somebody tell white people that it's about class and consumerism and just this fucking absurd culture that we're living. I travel the whole country. In the last couple of weeks I was in Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Wisconsin, Illinois, North Carolina. And every fucking exit on every fucking highway has a Bob Evans and a fucking cracker barrel. And Mexicans didn't do that, dude. They got you juiced up on this life. You are just preferred customers, man. It's not. You can make it from Salt Lake City to Pittsburgh only using drive-thruce. Okay, Mexicans didn't do that. And I get double digit mailers a month. For you get those invitations from banks to just ruin your own credit. I don't like those. I don't like how much they know. I don't like their tone. I just feel like they're just calling me an asshole every time. Hey, Nate, banks here. Listen, we saw that you had a little money. We were one or enough maybe we should have it. Hey, Nate, banks again. Listen, we sat down with our lawyers and crunched a few numbers. Turns out you are our kind of dipshit consumer. How'd you like to borrow $10,000? You pay us back $13,000. Or you take your time with it. You pay us back $97,000 fucking dollars. How about it, Nate? Huh? We just want you to have any little horseshit. You set your little heart on. Any old little trinkets or nonsense? Yeah, you could finance things you don't need or you could finance things you don't need to finance. We're a one-stop shop for horrible financial decisions, huh? How about it? Yeah, you ever charge a lap dance online? We support that. How'd you like to finance five years worth of almond milk? We saw you did that in 2006. Nate, how'd you like to buy a house you'll never own? How about it, huh? You want to be underwater on a house? Huh? We're the goddamn beach. Nate, why don't you rent your rims? Nate, we just want you to have the most least valuable shit you could possibly own. Would you please rent your hubcaps? Got dammit, huh? Nate, don't just not own your car. Not own several parts of your car. Originate several bad investments. Assemble an entire vehicle out of horrible financial decisions that your own transformer do you like science fiction, Nate? It's Optimus Subprime. How about it, Nate? It's a car that you own that turns into a car you don't own anymore. Maybe I should go back to checkbooks. Can you be here to still use a checkbook? Yeah. So I got to pull a checkbook out in the express lane at the grocery store. Exactly. Now, next time that happens, just forget about your afternoon. Take a step back. You watch the rest of the line lose their minds. There was four people in front of me. They all folded their arms and started looking for eye contact. Like, oh my god. Checkbook. Are you seeing this? Checkbook. Please. I'll five. Checkbook. Get in the game. I'm going to need you to stare through the back of this man's skull for the duration. Oh my god. Dying your shoes old man. You'd die on your shoes in front of my son. He was palpable hate. And he was like 80, 90, maybe never sent an email. If you've outlived your life expectancy, 25 items or less does not apply to you. You'd do what you got to do. He was awesome. He had fun with it. He clearly liked to do it. He likes to press pause on people's day. He stared him down a little bit like, oh, oh. Does anybody have a pen? I'm sorry. Am I putting you out right now? Why don't you stop counting the items in my cart? How about that? What do you, a narc? They made one big can of fish out of bought it, but they don't so I had to buy 40 small ones. Oh, nice start counting shit. How many worthless generations am I looking at right now? 34, 45. What are you 19 back there? Checkbook. GoogleTube. Learn something cupcake. It's a contract between people from back and we're worth a fuck. Well, I don't need the date sweetheart. I got it here in my paper hand calendar. You guys, that's been it. I've been named. Thank you so much you guys. Thanks guys. You You
I can't touch my knees.. I'm filming a drama the least possible dynamically Barn seat what is this? Is this funny?? Fabulous Don't bother to afford a small seat and I'm getting into the arena Gracias. Do you want to get out of here? Checked! Wow, thank you! Thank you so much! You guys! Wow! I hope you guys are ready to have the best time. This is... we're making history. This is gonna... I hope be one of the best nights of our whole lives, honestly. So, I am so proud that he agreed to let me produce this special and be involved. He's one of my favorite all-time comedians. Give it up for Mr. Sam Moran! I deserve that, you're right. This is a weird time to be a comedian. I don't know if you've been following entertainment, but it is a bad time to be a predator. Has anyone been paying attention to that? We're losing like three actors a day. I feel like I'm gonna see the new Avengers movie next year. Like, why is everyone being played by Paul Giamani? They're like, he's the only one left. It feels like a dark time. I saw a baby in the coffee shop the other day. He was wearing a t-shirt that said, I love life. I was like, you'll grow out of it. It gets shittier. I like babies. Being know it's better than a baby by a little is not having a fucking baby. By this much. I get drunk a lot. I sleep in. I confidently walk back to over. He did cars. It's a good life. My sister calls her baby a miracle and I play along, but it's a bit much. Miracle. We never call adults miracles. We're doing way cooler shit. There are no babies that can dunk. We just have a baby like it's a miracle. Then it grows up and we're like, nevermind. Two people fucked. It's not miraculous. Winning the lottery, that's a miracle. You never win the mega-millions jackpot and be like, should we keep it? And... My niece is always crying. I'm trying to make her laugh. My sister's like, you got to let her cry because she's that adhesion out of you interrupt. She becomes dependent. That's strange that we do that to babies. You can't even do that to adults. If you came to my apartment and my girlfriend was hysterically crying, I can't be like, it's cool. I'm trying to know. We're gonna nap this in the butt early on, because... I don't like her feelings. She just got a vibrator. My girlfriend and I'm my baby niece. She got a vibrator and I got an Xbox. So, it is over. I'm playing NBA 2K. She's playing with herself. But either way, we're both thinking about LeBron. You women are amazing, though. You know why? Because you can fake an orgasm, but you can't fake a good mood. I mean, that's... You can tell me I'm the best you've ever had, but you can't muster up one smile to family peck neck, I mean... We're those, oh my gods, who are I need them? My ex was cool. Every time we'd have sex, she'd say, you made me come, which I, you know, that was flattering. I'm not doing that much. We'd be having sex, you'd be like, I'm about to come, and I'd be like, cool. I'm not doing that much. We'd be having sex, you'd be like, I'm about to come, and I'd be like, cool. Then she'd be like, stay completely still, and I'd be like, all right? And she'd be like, you just made me come, and I'd be like, are you sure? I feel like I'd played that with an erection. That's why I asked, if I made you come. I made you come. I thought I went to the barber shop, and I'm like, can you hold the buzzer completely still? You're the best I've ever had. I'll say you just made me come. Here's a barber tip. Whatever barber you go to, that is, whatever music they're playing, that's the haircut you're going to get. Armenian hip-hop. This is a weird area to do my special, because I'm seeing the hipster dads in this area, you know what, like the skinny Jean-Waring Disciplinarian? I saw a dad, and he was yelling at his son. He was like, Simon, and I turned around, because that's a stupid fucking name. It's like, Simon, if you keep this up, you're not going to get any more smoothie. That's the punishment now, apparently. I thought we used to beat the shit out of kids, but apparently mango badness is where we're at. I mean, my friend just laughed in his face, and he turned around and said, he goes, why don't you mind your own fucking business? I was like, oh, well, we're not going to get any more smoothie. I'll fight you, dude, but if I win, I'm taking that smoothie. And I'm going to drink it in front of Simon. And I'm going to drink it in front of Simon. I feel bad for these kids. We tell kids they could be whatever they want, and then we don't give them the odds, which, you know. If I have a kid I'm going to be honest. If he's like, daddy, can I play in the NBA? I'm going to be like statistically, it's possible. But let's take a look at this chart. I've taken the liberty of fact to an in-your-size-and-race. It doesn't look good. You're a tiny Jew. So why are we named a TJ? I'm a Jew. I'm a New York Jew. I complain a lot. I'm a therapy. I'm the type of Jew that if you don't like Jewish people, I'm not the one that's going to turn things around for you. You're going to meet me and be like, still a big thumbs down. Nah. I read about anti-acemitism, but I've never experienced the anti-acemitism I've read about. I've lived in New York my whole life. This is the worst anti-Semitic moment I ever had. I was doing a road gig in Colorado, and I pulled over to get a seltzer water at a gas station. I asked this woman, did you have any seltzer? And she goes, we don't carry seltzer. And that's as bad as it's been. Her tone was hurtful. I've lived to your so long that it's just any time I hear anti-Semitism and all my loss, I thought everyone loved us. Even when Charlottesville happened, they were like, did Jews will not replace us? I was like, we're not. I don't know if you know any Jewish people. None of us are going to be a gas station attendant. You should be worried about robots. You know, they're the ones taking the shitty jobs. I don't ever hear this. I lost my job at the gas station. What happened? Josh Rubinwitt. They're taking our jobs. Racism. It must be learn behavior, right? Because you never meet like a racist baby, though I would love to. Just an itsy-bitty, teeny-weeny racist. What were his first words? We'd rather not say. And for the record, they were taken out of context. Babies look racist, though, right? Their skinheads are not educated. They're cranky and they don't have any teeth, so. I was watching this documentary on the KKK. They all support Jesus. Did you know that? I didn't know that. The dark skined you. That's who they went with. Seems like a not-choice. It almost feels like someone in the clan is just fucking with them. You know who else is cool? Lending rabbits. Those are our people. My friends are Christian. He wears the cross everywhere, which I get it. But it is a strange memory to think about all the time. It's not a happy memory. I know that's your guy, but he's seen better days. That's the thing I walked around everywhere in a Michael Jordan wizard's jersey. I guess. He was better before that, you know, remember? I choose to remember him suffering. I'm in therapy, obviously. And I see a therapist who sees a few other comedians. Like, I know comics that go to the same therapist as me. I was in the waiting room the other day and I actually heard my therapist laugh through the door. And I was like, oh, I got to bring it again this week. I've been playing the hits nonstop for this, dude. I was complaining about a relationship I was in and he said, yes, you tend to pursue damaged people and then try to help them. And I was like, you too. We both do that, unfortunately, you know. I'm not good at relationships. They're so hard, you know. Every woman I date tries to change me. In that Billy Joel song, I love you just the way you are. A woman would never write a song like that. If Billy Joel were a woman, that song would be called You're My Project. And we'll see where this goes. I'm like, stop trying to change me. I'm not trying to change you. I'm trying to improve you. You know what having a girlfriend feels like to me? You know that thing in your iPhone that's always asking if you want an update. That's what it feels like the entire time. Just constant, hey, do you want to get better all day? I'm like, remind me later. I'm happy with my current operating system. They made it harder. I think like the dating websites made it harder for how we communicate. Because you're in the first days and I was like, what kind of music do you like? But that doesn't really matter. You can coexist with someone that does different musical tastes. This is my new first day question. This is what I ask on every first date. How likely are you to yell at me in public? That one's going to come in handy. You don't want to be in that relationship eight months and you're getting screamed in front of strangers. Like it's cool. We both like Chancellor Rapperson. I had another breakup and she broke up with me and then I asked me to take her back. And then curveball broke up with me again. I kind of feel like you're in a plane that's going down and then somehow you land safely and then you die in the cab ride home. You're dead in the end. And then she texts every day I miss you. Well that is part of the breakup. We're not going to hang out as often. I didn't know I had to explain that part. I thought that was self-explanatory but thank God jobs don't work that way. Can you imagine getting fired than two weeks later your boss is like, I'm sad. I'm glad you're sad. I hope your whole company collapses. You know what good thing about a breakup is you really learn a truly appreciate rap lyrics. I didn't used to get it. Back in the day I'd hear it I'd be like, you know what? That's a bit of a generalization. But then you get dumped or like it's true. These hosts are not loyal. I went to the gym today I was listening to the Jay Z album, the new one. And I listened to Rap the Way was meant to be listened to by a pale drone in elliptical. I liked that album. That new one we talked about saving money. There's a whole track about investing money. That's like the whole song. He's like, this is where I save. Rappers are lippin' longer now. You didn't hear songs like that 15 years ago. Back in the day he was like, big pimping, spanding. Now he's like, you got to make your money work for you. Are your mother fuckers familiar with long term growth? Then drop a beat. He cheated on Beyonce and then wrote a song about it. Two things we'll never do. None of us. I was in a relationship two and a half years. I never cheated once. Not once. On the road all the time people were like, what's your secret? How do you stay faithful on the road? This is my secret. I'll tell you. Two and a half years never cheated once. My secret. Not one woman tried to fuck me. I mean, thank you. Thank you. Am I hero? Yes, I am. I'd be alone to play in beautiful women walk in tours. Maybe like this chick, better not sit next to me. She sit next to me. We went to beat the entire flight. That was a close call. I mean, I'm an amazing person. And you're friends pressured to get on these dating apps. They're very intimidating. Sometimes the pictures don't even match the occupation. Just like a gorgeous woman bent over with a finger in her mouth. And you're like, same-chewed children's hospital. If you say so, I'm just worried about the children at this point. One of my friends was like, I got this dating site for you. It comes over. It's a prison dating site. Incarcerated women was his suggestion. And we laughed for like five minutes. But then like minutes sex were like, there's some attractive women here. But then it shows you the crimes they commit. And you're like, double homicides. Probably a bad idea. But they have actual profiles. One of them actually said, I love the outdoors. You're like, yeah, I mean, obviously. I mean, turns out you like money laundering a bit more unfortunately. More incandems again. Yeah, I'm more incandems again. It's the end of an hour. It's not that bad. Guys complain about condoms. You know what? Wearing a condom is like, you ever go to a basketball court and there's no net. And you're like, I mean, I guess I'll play. The whole time, you're like, did that even go in? I was at a woman the other night. I was at a woman the other night. She asked me not to wear a condom. I've never had that before. She's like, I'd rather you didn't wear a condom. I was like, I'm going to wear the condom. She's like, please don't wear it. I'm like, I'm wearing, I've made my choice. I'm going to wear it. I prefer if you didn't wear the condom. I was like, wearing it. Can't believe we're having this discussion. And I can't believe which side I'm on to be honest. And she goes, why? Why? Because based on this, I don't think you're going to be a good mother. She slept over. That's so weird one. She spent the night. One night's stand, spend the night is like, I mean, that's like if you ordered and food and the delivery guy stayed while you ate it. And you know, trying to be a better person. I quit watching porn. I cut back. And... I do the double browser system. I do the work browser and the other. So it's a far, everything is a good person. And Firefox is like, did what the fuck? We even want to know what I'm doing at Google Chrome, so. I find porn to be less offensive than a lot of women's magazines, you know. Because at least porn is body positive. There's no fad and old Cosmo. Every women's magazine's like, how to shed that last 10 pounds. I mean, while porn is like, you're perfect and we have a category for you. Right here. You're not fad and porn. You're a big, beautiful woman. A BBW, if you will. You're not old. You mature. You're not covered in semen. You're getting a facial. It's like a day at the spa. I'm glad that joke went over because if it didn't, this next one will be a real uphill battle. So. One time I asked me to finish on her face, there's no clean way to say that. I tried to think of something. It just doesn't work. I think it's a real thing. I'm not a big fan of porn. I'm not a big fan of porn. I'm not a big fan of porn. I'm not a big fan of porn. I'm not a big fan of porn. I tried to think of something. It just doesn't work. She asked me, she's like, I think we should try if you finish on my face. And I said, I don't think it's a good idea. And she was like, please. I'm going to doctor this conversation. But. She was like, please. And I was like, no, I'm all right. I did it. And the second I did it, we both had a mom where we were like, we are not these types of people at all. I am in way over my head here. This is not good. I felt terrible. I got her a hot towel. Some creams, some sliced cucumbers. I gave her an actual facial. That's how bad I felt. I played some Anya. Remember Anya? Anyone? That's a weird feeling. Because you only way of finding out you're not that type of person is to put it in a practice. It's hardcore. I'm not that hardcore. It's like when you're young and you think you could join a gang and they're like, you're not one of us. You're like, I feel like I could be. They're like, you're not one of us. And then finally they let you in and they let someone in fire and you're like, you guys were right. I'm going to go get a smoothie. This is. I'm not in a celebrity sex tape too. They creep me out. Like when the whole Cogin sex tape dropped. I said, dropped. Like was a fucking album. When the whole Cogin sex tape dropped. We all remember what we were. It was right after Yeezy's album. But my friend sent me that sex tape and I was like, I don't, he's like, it's funny. I was like, not my type of humor. I do a lot of dry witticisms. I don't really do the X-Res-lush fucking. I knew too much about the story. Like I knew that some woman allegedly extorted money from him and that she couldn't get any money and then he won all this money. So I knew this story. I knew that she fucked whole Cogin and then got outsmarted by whole Cogin. It's not a feel good story at all. I don't even know what you do after that. I guess you pretend you're dating. What's this new guy look like? Well, he's horseshoe bald, but also he's got a mullet at the same time. Interesting combo. Yeah, but he shredded. He's in great shape. Oh, so he's young. I think he's like 85. But a young 85. Hmm. He's older, does he dress well? Only spandex. Okay, well at least no one knows you're fucked. I'm gonna stop you again here. My life is a disaster. I'm at a good age, actually. I get it now. Things I didn't used to get. Conolengus, all-end. Love it. It's a good time. Back in the day when I was young, I did it because I was like, this is what men do. Now I'm older. It's like, scotch. I'm like, it's actually quite nice. One time I was going down to my ex. I was like, really? You have like a realization that you enjoy it. You know, I was getting really into it. And I stopped the middle. I was like, man, I love eating vagina. And she was like, cool. And the future could you say, my vagina? It is a fair edit. When you've been with someone a couple of years, you show some brand loyalty. That's what I see. You could get throat cancer from Conolengus. Did you know that? Yeah. All the women are turning their boyfriends right now. That's not true. That's not true. It's just not. But, now I read that. Maybe you guys don't all get your news from throwbible.net. But it's one of the most trusted medical journals in America. And... But if that is true, then I mean, you lived a good life. Right? If you did enough to kill you, you went out like a fucking G. As in generous. No one's saying a bad word at that funeral. He was a giving man. He didn't speak much. But he was quite good at breathing underwater. I like older women, I think. You know, like more mature. You know, I've always liked that. My therapist will say, you've unresolved issues with your mother. That always silence us a room. I said quiet. I mean, like similar values, the haircuts are coincidence. But... Then my mom meets his woman every time my mom is like, I don't like her. I'm like, yeah, of course not. She's a younger you. That's why you don't like her. Then my dad meets her and he's like, I think she's great. Like you sick fuck. I like curvy. You know, like the lups you with. I don't know why my hands doing that. But... I don't know why I did this shit. That was creepy as hell. That's how it started for Weinstein. And who knows where it ends? Curvy. I like the voluptuous. I don't know, came up with a stick thin model. Probably the fashion industry, which means mostly homosexual men. Like gay guys who like these are the hot chicks and straight guys who like if you say so. I mean, I'll fuck most of them, but I'm not happy about it. Why did gay guys get to choose who the hot women are? That's like straight guys. Got to decide which is the best Broadway show. Like, alright, and the Tony goes too. Rocky again. My ex's best friend was a gay guy. I love the guy, you know, because he's protective. He did activities with where I didn't want to do. And he did not want to have sex with her. So it's a very good deal for me, honestly. I get her anniversary gifts. I'll be like, honey, two tickets to Bieber. You and Mateo are going to have so much fun. I'm not going to that bullshit. We have a little gay in us. I don't know if you know this. Every straight guy, when we pee urinal to urinal, we do look at the other ones peeing us. I hope that's true. It's my hypothesis portion of the show. I could be wrong, but if I'm wrong, I don't want to be right. I'll tell you that much. I've been on the road a lot. I've been to some real dumps lately. Reno, Nevada. Shit hole. I did a casino there for a week. That sentence keeps getting sadder as it goes along. A casino in Reno. If you ever want to see fake tits and an oxygen tank on the same person. Book a ticket. It's happening. It's a joke, guys. It's a lovely setty of you. A teeth in Caniford Vegas. That was a Montreal. That's a good city. You guys like Montreal. You know what they do? They try to make you go to strip clubs. Maybe I'm hanging with different people. You guys. They're like, you should go to these strip clubs. I'm not going to go. They were like, you should go. I'm not going. Those girls are victims of sexual abuse. And also, it's too much money. That's my stance. I could have just said the first part. And said me like, I'm not going to take advantage. Some girls fucked up childhood. Out of those prices. You want me to confront an ugly truth. You better give me a bargain. That's all I'm saying. I was in Montreal always going through customs. And they speak a little differently. Some of them. One of them was like, have you ever been arrested or handcuffed? And I was like, I mean, two different questions. Arrested or handcuffed. That's going to be like, hey, have it a prostate exam. Or a finger in the butt. I just say yes, because you know I'm health conscious, but open-minded. And everything's self-service. Now when you go to these airports, you're going to fly in so much. And like, look at the party. That's where I fly out of. I went to get a coffee there. And I was like, I'm going to have a coffee. The guys are like, yeah, you pour yourself over there. And I was like, okay. I'm going to have a coffee. I'm going to have a coffee. I'm going to pour yourself over there. And I was like, okay. So I pour it. And then I go to pay. I was like, I have this coffee. He's like, you pay with that other guy over there. I was like, all right. So I walked over. I was like, can I have this coffee? And he was just like, oh, yeah, self-scan you do it yourself. And I was like, why are all of you here? And then there was a tip-john. I thought it did a good job. So I took a $5 bill on the way out. Because he went. I earned it. I fly almost exclusively Delta because of the Biscoph cookie. I'm going to dull and upmaid my choice. It's a fucking awesome cookie. You grow up and you realize what cookies you like. I never thought Biscotti was going to be in the cards, but we come back a victory for Biscotti. Delicious cookie. So pretentious, but so yummy. I feel like chips of hoi looks at Biscotti. Like, all right, do we get it? You studied abroad. And Biscotti is like, I did a prog in Madrid. I've seen a lot of shit, to be honest. Delta took away 20,000 of my harder and road comedian airline miles. This happened six years ago, but I'm not over it. And I called to complain. And this woman picks up the phone. She just goes, oh, we don't do this anymore. I was like, you don't do what? She's like, we don't do complaints anymore. Pardon me? She's like, yeah, you can email a complaint division, but it takes like six months. And I was like, that's ridiculous. Then she said, also, your mother's a con. I'm paraphrasing, but that's how her words made me feel. I could say whatever I want, as long as it's how I feel. That's what my therapist Allen says. So I get transferred to my next rep. She's even worse. She said, well, your miles are from 2010. We didn't start keeping tracks for 2011. Sarah. Yeah, she said, sorry. With an AY. So at least in seropology of all, you would never go to a funeral. Sarah. And if you do, that's the murderer right there. Sarah, for your life. Are you? So I said, this isn't fair. She said, well, I don't know what to tell you. So I said, if you look, you're being kind of condescending. She said, oh, where am I? Yeah, you're talking down to me. She said, oh, well. I'm not proud of what I said next. It was a little subtle. I said, I hope that you die in a fire. True story. She hung up on me. I, I, look, I overstepped a little root customer service hour plus whole time. I, fiery death, maybe a little extreme. I should have gone with moderate form of cancer for my insult, you know. You guys can pull back here, but I'm going to power through, because I believe in myself. I'm talking treatable stage one cancer. And then she shows up at the hospital in the lights there's nothing we can do. You're insurance ran out in 2010. So. Sarah. Sarah. I mean. When the cancer joke hit, we were in for a pretty good second half, I would say, I mean, this is. Goodness. Could I go to the, like, all these cities all over the country, some of them, you get to some sensitive places. I was in Portland, very sensitive people. I think it's a lack of protein. And I walked in this comedy club. This guy was like, I got the three-hoc girls and you owe me big time. I was like, thank you very much. He said, yep, takes a woman like me to get those hot chicks in. And he'd a five o'clock shadow like me. I was a cure guy, though. And he was like, excuse me. And I was like, I should. You're not a man. He's like, you can't tell me how I identify. And I said, I'm sorry. I made a mistake. He goes, fuck you. You made a mistake. And I said, I can clearly see that you're a woman now, because you're furious. I mean, I have no idea what. And then he forgave me. So. Probably wasn't man. That one takes a second to see if you agree with it first, because we are in Brooklyn. I did a Caitlyn Jenner joke on the late show with Colbert. And I got a nasty email about it. Do like, you don't get it. You're a straight white man. Caitlyn Jenner's had it hard. Has she? Caitlyn Jenner's never worked a day in her life. She's been coasting off of Bruce's success. Her entire existence. That guy trained hard every day. Bruce Jenner, American hero. Caitlyn Jenner, gold digging horn. I don't know if Caitlyn kept the penis or not. I don't know. I feel like he'd be better off without it. The penis is just that it's an inconsiderate body part, isn't it? Who really is? If it was your friend, it would be your worst friend. There's no worst friend than penis. An opportunist, a social climber. During my breakup, I was crying during my breakup, and I hugged her goodbye, and I got hard. How? That's how little your penis cares. Up here is the worst moment of my life down here. My dick is like, dude, one for the road. I mean... Let's get the band back together. One more job. The female anatomy is so much more complex. You have to find the clitoris. The penis just shows up. Sometimes uninvited. If they were toys, I would say the penis, pogo stick, you know, simple, unpretentious. You take one look at a pogo stick, you're like, I could figure that out. You go up and down, and you're like, that's pretty much it, actually. The vagina, Rubik's cube all day. You could play with your whole life, and still be like, I have no idea. I don't know. Only Asian boys can crack that code. The penis will, it starts a pogo stick, it ends up a slinky. Flass, it's sad looking, trying to escape down a staircase. The most women I know, they look at sex differently. The most women I know, they look at sex like buying a car. You're like, can I see myself in this long term? Is it safe? Is it reliable? Could it kill me? Most guys know they look at sex like parking a car, where like, they're just spod. There's another spot. Oh, I see it. There's another spot. Oh, I have to pay. Never mind. Handy cat. Hope no one sees this. I'm trying to be better, you know? I'm an atheist, but they never meet like a hardcore atheist, and you're like, well, I'm not that. I was talking to this guy, he's like, you could dig up my body after him, didn't fuck it. I don't give a shit. There's no afterlife. You could also not believe in God, and hope that someone doesn't defile your course. That's the camp I'm in. Well, I'm probably not, but come on, that seems a bit extreme. I just see like a hardcore atheist, he's a drug dealer who lives at home. He's like, I don't believe in God. I don't think God believes in you. I'm trying to be better. I got rejected from the Big Brother program. True story. I'm not just making it up to Sam Cool. They gave me a hard no. I made it to the third round. It's hard to get into, but I made it to the first two rounds. I killed. They loved me. Round three, they got a little more tight. And this one was like, what's a bad example of a Big Brother? And I thought you would laugh. So I was like, you mean like a child molester? And she did not laugh at all. She said we were looking for like impatient. I don't know, I thought we were playing high stakes. I'm sorry. She's like, what are you going to bring to the Big Brother program? And I said, uh, patience. That's the opposite of pedophilia, the willingness to wait. I think at the pression test online the other day, which I do, I think means I have it. I think that's the test. So like you're here. Yeah, it's not. Question one was, do you give up on things too easily? And I was like, that's enough for today. We gave it a shot. And I don't think I have it. You ever get sucked into that like YouTube comment or a mole? I don't know. I have never done that and felt good about life. I've never been like, wow, we are going to be alright after all. After all. I was watching this YouTube video. It was like a Ted talk on grief. I got to redo this quote. It said, I lost my parents in a car crash a couple years ago. Last year I lost my wife to lung cancer. Recently I lost my sister to breast cancer. When the tsunamis of grief wash over me, I have to stop everything I'm doing and take a deep breath. Soon it dissipates and miggins to melt away like snow. The comment underneath it said, shut up bitch. If you asked me to define the internet, that's it. Sad meets mean. That's all you're going to find. Pathetic and terrible. I do kind of like shut up bitch though. It's so final. If someone say shut up bitch, you're shut not up. I mean it's good. I disagree with you intent but the word choice is economical. Once a year I'll get into it with a troll. It's like my Marty grow. I'll really like, I'll let it fly. I look but I'm also like, I mean I'm not going to get involved or engage but once in a while it is fun. Last year and don't pretend that act like you're a great person here. We're all modified by this. But remember the baby that got eaten by the alligator Disney? We can all agree it's a tragedy. Comedy Central wanted me to say that. I think it's kind of funny. But that's a joke. It's a tragedy. I'm kidding guys. No, it's a terrible thing that happened. And I'm going to tell a joke. I'm not just reporting sad fucking news. So the baby got eaten by the alligator Disney. Is that where we left off? And it's a tragic thing. And I was like, that's terrible. And then two weeks went by and I was like, all right it's time. It's time. Of course it's terrible but let me fucking try. And I went on stage that night at the Comedy Cellar and I said, I don't mean to come off like a gun nut. I just think of that baby who was carrying a weapon. He'd still be with us until I feel like. Not a great joke but it's timely. And there's a woman in the front of our own. She just goes, no. And I was like, what's she's like, you can't joke about that. Which guarantees I will continue to keep joking about it. If you know anything about comedians, that's all we need. And she's like, no you can't. I was like, so I'm like, did you even watch the baby's funeral on TV? Which it wasn't on TV. They don't. They don't tell her about his baby funeral. But it is a pilot I'm thinking of pitching. Coming this fall to MTV after Teen Mom. But he kind of asked, well I was, did even see the baby's funeral on TV. And she said, no, I guess I haven't seen the baby's funeral on TV. And I said, well, if you did, you would have seen the mother come on through tears and say, see a later alligator. Which is. She gets up and walks out. Her husband stays put, which is how you know it's a good joke. And there's a part of me that is excited by this, because I know I'm a subject to conversation in the car ride home. You know that she's like, he was terrible in the house. And I was like, I thought he had some good stuff. I thought he was bringing it tonight, you know. So they email the comedy seller, my home club. And the comedy seller forged me the email, ha ha ha with 11 exclamation points. I counted it. I did count. And I will now read you the best email I ever got in my life. Here's how it opens. Okay, you want blunt? All people. So you know some bad shit is coming. It's never like you want blunt? Wonderful evening. A disgusting person, Sam or I'll pick the stage and spent the first few minutes of his act, disrespecting the two-year-old child, who was murdered by the alligator at Disney. I'm going to say it murdered as a strange word show I see you as a man. That makes us sound like the alligator was paid to do it. Then afterwards he went to a pay phone and was like, it's done. And then he belched and ran away in a trench coat. I have never in my life been so offended and repulsed by someone. I immediately left and stopped to tell your staff why. This is my favorite part. They followed me to make sure my drink's from being paid. I mean, it's just so wonderfully condescending that she's like, I'm furious. And they're like, mm-hmm, those corona's weren't free. So, Sarah. I should say that the comment before me on this show, friend of mine, she made like six holocaust jokes and this woman wasn't bothered by any of them. She even mentioned them in the email. She's acting like they didn't even happen. I mean, someone called her a denier. But, you know. Thank you. Thank you. I would expect all human beings would be offended by a sicko making jokes about a two-year-old baby's tragic death. Saying his mother probably said, later gator at a funeral. I mean, even in text form it kinda holds up, you know. Is it the gift that keeps on giving? Yes, it is. This is a woman who's trying to get me fired over later gator of plan words, which to me is a bit of a crock, honestly. It really is. Now, I have posted about this on every social media count I own. She sounds fun. I've asked everyone I know to share it. The comedian himself replied to me to say, pretty strong act, huh? I did do that. That is true. If you told me I would occasionally troll back. I'm hosting a sports show and I basically got media train because I think they saw me as a liability. And, they're worse. But, they were reading some tweets. I don't know if you ever had a gray-haired person read your Twitter. It is. In Lightning, I say it to least. One of the tweets that actually went out loud was, uh, someone tweeted at you here, Sam, that, uh, your comedy is a waste. And you replied, your father's, giz was a waste. I'm like, so you want me to keep doing that or no? She ends it by saying, what a complete and utter pathetic excuse for a human. He doesn't deserve to breathe the same air or live on the same planet as that precious little boy's family. He can go fly a kite. Where's that last part? It always gets me. I would love to fly a kite. It sounds like a pleasant recreational activity. Kite flying. She's very tightly-wout. She could use a vacation. I'm thinking Disney, but, uh. The owner of the club is a very good guy. I like him a lot. He emailed this woman. We feel bad. He had a rough night here. He would like to make it up to you and maybe comp you and your husband for a night out. And I hope they accept. I think it'd be a great idea for them to rebook me for the gig. Nothing would make me happier. They're sitting there like, finally we can take our mind off that awful, awful man. Your first comic coming to the stage. Sam, the Gator Morale. I was just doing a gig at a mall in Albany. I'm not bragging. But, look, when you dream big, things happen in this career. You'll someday perform next to a cinema. And I was doing a gig. And there was a kid in the crowd. I was like, you're too young to be in my show. And he goes, I'm 22. And I said, there's no way that you're 22. Someone put a spell on you if you're 22. And he said, here's my driver's license. I was like, why are you 22? You're the youngest looking 22-year-old of ever-senior, like a pedophile's dream. That's crazy, you know? And, yeah, okay here in Albany at Crush, they loved it. It was to the point that it was hard for me to follow. Like, they started screaming pedophile's dream. To have the show. It became a thing. I'm not bragging again. But after the show, he comes up to me. He goes, you got to take a picture with me and post it to Facebook. Hashtag pedophiles dream. And I was like, hey, yeah, let's do it, sure. So I did it. And the next morning, I got a very concerned phone call from my mother. She was like, what the fuck is wrong with you? Why would you do that? My mom's showing comments on all my Facebook posts, two e-comments, and like every joke, he's like, not funny. Every joke, not amusing at all. So I posted this picture on the right underneath. Pedophilia jokes are not funny under any circumstance. My friend comments underneath, shut up bitch. This guy gets me. I'm glad I'm doing this special in New York at home. It's like, it's very much, it's a lovely relationship. That was what we call. That's what we call a cheap applause break in the bitch. Praise the city you're in. No, I love it here. But I do take the subway home every night and I see some weird shit. Sometimes you see the people come out with the music and I'm always like, please, I'm hungover. This is so inconsiderate. I was on this guy with like, all right, now the women joined and he actually said that in the little song. And a couple women joined in. They must have been tourists or something. And he said, all right, now all the Jews. And none of us joined in at all. Because it sounded like a trap. You can't be that specific. It sounds suspicious. You can't be like, all right, now all the Mexicans. All right, now all the undocumented Mexicans. The best one is this guy comes on the other day. He's singing about how homeless he is and he had a beautiful voice. We all really went with it. We were all like, wow, this is amazing. And we all gave him money and then he got off. And then another homeless guy came on. And we all at the same time were like, you came at a very bad time. I mean, the last guy really dazzled us. And I'm not going to lie, there's a bit of a disappointment. You know, that's how tough this city is. You can't just be homeless. You've got to have a thing. He's like, homeless, I'm like, yeah, but what's your hook? It makes you very cynical. I feel like America's got talent, judge. Every time I see a hobo, they come on the look of homeless. I don't have any money. I'm like, what would be performing this evening? I'm not making fun of you. I've been on America's gun talent. I lost to a mime, so I'm not getting cocky up here, believe me. And he was a good mime, but he was still a fucking mime. Still hurts. A very talented mime named Tapeface. And you guessed that he had tape over his face. And my mom called me afterwards. She was like, you had our vote. And I was like, I figured. That'd be pretty messed up if she was like, look, you're our son. And we love you. But Tapeface is the shit. And he really spoke to us. Sometimes I'll see a crazy person. So I go to the next subway card again and again, and then I see you need to crazy your person, the next subway card. And I'm like, I think I left her a religious freak for a public masturbator. Bad trade. This guy was touching himself underneath his pants. He's looking at my girl for the time she turned me. She's like, you're just going to let him do that. I was like, you want me to interrupt this guy? I don't think blue boy in this lute to take with me my solution. She was like, maybe you should fight him. I was like, yeah, I don't want to get hit with that hand. I could beat the shit out of me, touching me once I lose the fight. That's a difficult situation to be in. She's like, you're just going to let him do that. She pushed me up to get in this face. I was like, excuse me, sir. I don't know why I'm calling him, sir, as Dick said. It's like, sir, you got to stop. Touch yourself with that to my girlfriend. I think I'm not touching myself with that to your girlfriend. I was in a T.U. I was like, you're just going to let him do that. Did we get so drunk that you pee on the street? Yeah. Now just me. All right. I was peeing on the street different. I was hammering this cop walked up to me. He was like, you were not seriously peeing on the street. I was like, no, I'm doing it ironically. And he handcuffed me while my dick was out, which that makes it look like you commit a way worse crime. This is the drunk I've ever been. You ever get so drunk, you ever get so drunk that you lose all your friends? I don't mean forever, I mean for the night, but it feels like that. I was so drunk I was yelling at the coach, I'd just serve me a beer. And he was like, I only have Jack. It's something like, I feel like you're lying to me right around. Just give me a buttlight, don't be a dick. This happened, I was probably 19 when this happened. I was in New Orleans, I was walking down the street, I was very drunk. This guy was like, do you want to hit it this blunt? And I said, yes, I do. And the second I took a hit, these two cops slamming, these two strangers against the wall, they handcuffed the three of us. This cop looks deep in my eyes, he goes, you seem very drunk. And I look back and I'm going to go, um, fuck. He was like, how much did you have? I was like a few too many, like how much of that? I was like, you know too many? I was like, a few more than that. He didn't even crack a smile. I'm not saying I'm Oscar Wilde, but I'm near a blackout, I was deserving of some response. He's patting me down, he feels my back pocket to the stage, a little notebook in my back pocket. And he said, what is him? I'm drunk, so I said, that's my joke pad. And he said, what the fuck is a joke pad? And I said, I'm a stand-up comic and the second it came out of my mouth, I was like, no. He was like, you're a comedian, I said, yeah, he goes, we'll see about that. Takes a joke book out of my back pocket and starts reading the jokes out loud. And after every joke his partner would go, worst piece of shit I've ever heard. The two guys handcuffed next to me are now laughing hysterically. They were supposed to be on my side, they flipped. And it only went on two or three minutes, but it felt longer. This guy's got no deliveries, kind of butchering what I do. Finally they handcuffed me, handcuffed the other guys. They keep my joke book, but they let us go. And the second they drive away, one of the guys I'm handcuffed with turns to me, he goes, holy shit dude. I had cocaine on me. And I thought it'd end search me because you're shitty jokes. Thank you so much guys for coming. You're welcome. You're welcome. She said, with this knife, I'm welcome. She told me to meet with Ray Zayn. Then she looked me in the eye and said, I'm here. So what do you think of the show? I prefer a little rel. What should I do if the hands are near? Don't be alone, she said there's nothing to fear. We'll make new memories in a rubble for two, and start all over. With this rendezvous. Then she told me, I love you the same. So easy.
From New York City, Comedy Central presents Daniel Tach. You guys are ready to go. I hope you don't mind if I just warm up a little bit first. Just do a couple of these. There you go. All right. You remember that exercise in P class? Have you ever done it in your life since? The answer's no. You ever woke up in the morning and said, you know what I need to do today? Some of these. Yeah. There you go. I feel great. Now the other way. Well, that's awfully tricky. We wonder why we have a way problem as a nation. I'm pretty sure this isn't cutting it. That's a great job. People applaud when I go to work. That's a lot better than your job. I mean, don't get me wrong. It's not like a rock star where people lose their mind screaming. Can you imagine that at your job going in? Hey, how's it going, Kelly? Listen, I'm going to need that memo on my desk by noon. No! Oh, no! I got something for you! Well, thanks, but I'm still need that on my desk. I don't even know what women do in there. That's witchcraft. That's voodoo as far as I'm concerned. It takes me two hands of parapliers, three hours later. I'm pleading for some teamwork. Now, like you can reach in here and grab your panties for crying out loud. The heck is going on down there? Do you have a magic midget running up and down your back on hook and stuff? What do you give me a cruton of any disappears? I don't know how the magic midgets work. I recently bought a pair of cargo pants. I don't even cargo. Yeah, they don't even check at the register. Anybody can buy those. They got all the pockets down the leg. Then one day I'm walking down the street and I said to myself, Daniel, this is not how your father raised you. You're wasting space. So I started to collect change from that day forward. Yeah, I have a five gallon jar at my house. I had to fill with change. I don't stop until I reach the tip top and the little bell goes off. And I know cargo pant day is here at last. And I dance. Yeah. And I put the cargo pants on with the belt extra tight because I don't want to have an embarrassing situation on such a great day. And I fill up all the pockets with the change and then I get a car alarm. Not a car alarm with the car, just the car alarm. And I hold it to my chest really closely. And then I go walk around the streets of Manhattan and I wait for the first homeless person to come up to me and say, Hey, you got any spare change? And I set the car alarm up. Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, you hit the jackpot, mofo. Oh, and then it started throwing all the change and that hurts, but he doesn't care because he wants, he's jumping up and down. I won, I won, called a pit boss. And I'm like calm down, smelly. I don't have to. It's under $400. And that's how October Fest started. Yes. That is a true story. Oh. Sometimes when I'm home alone, I feel sad and I feel like nothing in my life is going right. So I like to take a home pregnancy test. Yeah, that way I can order the phrase, hey, at least I'm not pregnant. And I realize better days are right around the corner. I'm not very good with people either. Even when I was little, my imaginary friend would play with the kid across the street. And I'd be like, hey, I guess we'll meet up later. And he'd be like, whatever, queer. That's not nice at all. Do you think it's trendy for young kids in Japan to get tattoos, words written in English? Do you think they're walking round over there? Hey, Kim, check this out. I just got it yesterday. It means love and water. Oh, that's sexy. No, I don't like tattoos. I know my generation loves to get them. I'm not a fan. My friends try to always sell me on them. They're like tattoos. That's an artistic expression. I'm like, wow, because it looks like a butterfly by the scooter. But I guess in your circle, that's art. I think if you're going to get a tattoo, just get one. The words I'm done. That's it. That way in 10 years, when you go, why did I get this? You can be like, no. I'm done. I mean, not talking. No more. Yeah. I live in Los Angeles. Girls in Los Angeles like to say this. I'm not religious, but I'm spiritual. Ooh, I like to reply. I'm not honest, but you're interesting. Yeah. All right. I know a lot of you think I'm kind of crazy. I am. I have voices in my head. But they speak in Spanish. And I have no idea what they're saying. That's irritating. I wish one of them would get a job. But they're my voices. Don't worry about them. What's a good time for me? I'll tell you. My favorite robe, some yogurt, and an episode of Trading Spaces. Oh, then I'm in heaven. Do you love trading spaces? I do. I would never be on that show, though. You want to know why? Because you have to trust your friends to decorate your house. You have not met my friends. They do not have my best interest at heart. Because it's always some over-the-top eccentric interior designer coming in going, Oh, my goodness. I love this place. This is what I'm thinking for your friend's house. Circus tent. Big circus tent. Do you think your friend would like a circus tent? Oh, yeah. He'd love a circus tent. No, no, no. Yeah. Once you go dig up the hardwood floors, get down to the dirt. That way the ponies will feel at home. Great. We're under budget. Now, I'm allowed to be a ass, and I should know. I've been there almost every time. But it's not my fault. I never got a bird's in the bee's speech as a child. I mean, the closest thing I ever got one time, my dad was cooking breakfast. He's like, son, you better listen up. Because I'm only going to say this one time. He was in the Fuji's. Thanks. Sex is a lot like this egg. I'm like, egg. A dad, I think that's drugs. Whatever, queer. Why is everyone saying that? Just listen. All right. First thing you got to do is heat up the bed. Real nice. Get it nice and warm. Get it ready for it. All right. Then you got to take her, crack her over the head, and layer out flat. All right. Come on now. Wait till she starts sizzling really good. Then you can flip her on over. There you go. Yeah. Oh, don't get too excited. You're gonna get yellow stuff all over the bacon. What's going on? Oh, that's a gross. No, it's not. That's a breakfast joke. That's the most important joke of the day. Yeah. If you don't laugh at that, you're going to get sleepy around 1130. And you'll be like, why am I so tired? Maybe not. I was dating this girl. She got a boob job, a breast enlargement. But she puts squeak toys in them. Yeah. And I'm like, She was a clown. So it's a tax write off. Ah, the floor is lava. I almost got burnt there. Well, yeah, you don't know that is fine. I don't care. That's a game I used to play as a child. The floor is lava. It's when you climb on all the furniture in your house and you couldn't touch the floor. Yeah, you might have called it something completely different, but it meant the same thing. You were poor. Yeah, because I remember going, mom, I would like an Nintendo. And she's like, the floor is lava. I'm like, what the hell is wrong with our house? Why can't we afford carpet? It's called two jobs, bitch. That's how I used to talk. I was very street. Maybe not. I'm going to be a horrible father. But I know this, and I don't have any kids. So I think it's pretty good. Trust me. I have a lot of friends. I'm going to make a great dad. Wow. Because you're a complete loser now. I'm not against responsibility. I'm actually looking into legally adopting a granddaughter. Yeah, because being a grandpa is cool, and it's really easy. That'll be awesome. I'll adopt some cute little 14-year-old girl. And she'll be like, hey, dad, thanks for adopting. I'll be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, I'm your grandpa. And she'll be like, oh, well, see you at Christmas. A couple of years ago, by she's in college, she comes home with some of her friends. I'll be like, hey, girls, once you come over here and sit on grandpa's lap. Then she'll be like, oh, grandpa. Because you never report grandpa from being creepy. Life is what you make it. Have you heard that? Yeah, do you live it? You don't. I live it. I have a great life. My friends think it's so much better than it really is. Why? Because I make it better. That's right. Do you want to know where I'm working next week? Hawaii. Yeah. I'm going to be in Hawaii. All right, really? I'm going to be in New Bern, North Carolina. Yeah, but in my mind, I'm going to Hawaii. And you can do it too, and it is a lot cheaper. Anytime you're going someplace that you don't want to go, just pretend you're going to Hawaii. Pack a bunch of flowered shirts, jump off the plane. Be like, oh, hi, everybody. Where's my lay? You're in trouble. Order tropical drinks all week when you get home and friends being like, hey, we've never been to Hawaii. How was it? I just be like, oh, those are all right. I even took my girlfriend last week to Paris the whole time. She's like, this looks a lot like Birmingham, Alabama. And I'm like, shut up, Britney Spears. And she's like, quick calling me Britney Spears. And I'm like, no one talks to the rock like that, bitch. Yeah. Which is really funny because I don't have a girlfriend. That was just some lady on the butts. She did not smell what I was cooking. Have you guys flown since 11.9? I'm European. It's not fun to fly. I have one of those cell phones with the earpiece that hangs straight down. So when you talk, you can get crazy. Everybody eavesdrops in your conversation. They don't want to. They're forced to because you project right out of the air. So when I get a phone call at the airport, I'll admit it. I like to have a little fun. Go ahead. Gate 47 is completely clear. People notice in a hurry. Honey, something's going on. That guy has a wire hanging down. Maybe we shouldn't be standing right. Stand down, blue team. Honey, there is a sting going on here at the airport. I am not feeling safe. Please, let's stand down. Pull on the suspects approach. He's in a business suit with the briefcase. I repeat the briefcase is in his hand. And I find some random business man. I run. I just beat the crap out of him. Everybody starts clapping. Thank you for making our airways safe. And then I go get on my plane. And that guy's just got a weird story to tell for the rest of his life. Yeah. He's like, I'm never going back to Los Angeles again. I was at the airport a couple days ago and this guy came out of nowhere. And he just beat me up. And everybody just clapped. What is wrong with those people? I think boxers are the greatest athletes in all sports for the simple fact that they don't cry. That is mind blowing. Have you ever been punched in the nose? Oh my gosh, it hurts so bad. They have to go back to a corner where some little man yells at him. Shut up, I just got punched in the face. Yeah, I know dodging punch for it is a very simple concept. If I was a boxer, you know who I would hire for my corner man? My mom. At least she could make me feel good on the inside. I don't want to fight anymore. Who's my big boy? You are. Yes, do you want me to call his parents? No. Okay, then dry those tears. Pussy, that's why dad left. Cannibalism is a horrible scenario. I'm not going to argue with you. But if you had to eat another human being to survive, do you think they taste like their ethnic background? Do you think Mexicans are spicy? Do you have dab chips and salsa before you bite into one? You can start laughing now. I'm going to do everybody in here. Chinese people, are you hungry 30 minutes later for more? Let's go, everybody, black people. Taste like chicken. All's fair, all's fair, white people. All right, you don't eat white people. I'm sorry, I don't make the rules. Do you at least understand why I am the joke that way? Because it's so funny to make a room full of white people uncomfortable. Obviously, we laughed at black people. Taste like chicken, because we kind of thought you were going to throw one in our direction. And now you pretty much hung us out to dry. It's just a joke. What if that joke is the reason I don't get into heaven? I got to get up to heaven and find out God's black. And he comes walking up to me. That joke won't even fucking come and taste something black. People taste like chicken. White people taste like macaroni and cheese, bitch. All right, calm down crackers, this ain't a rally. I don't want anyone getting the wrong idea. I know that, that God's using that kind of language. I'm a stereotypical voice I use for an African American, I apologize. How many black comics have you heard in your lifetime go, you know white people? How about how are you? Good, Tom, bitch, bitch. I don't sound like that at all. That's very offensive. I did that joke one night and of course, a white lady came running up to me after the show. She goes, what gives you the right to do jokes about black people like that? I'm like, listen lady, my best friend is Cuban and that's close enough. Yeah. She was like, oh, I'm sorry. Does everybody have their WJD bracelets on? Do you know what that is everybody? What would Jesus do? They're not magical. They're just a reminder to be a better person, to live a better life. That's true. Because I was wearing my bracelet recently and I was in the movie theater. This guy's cell phone went off. Don't you just hate that? Yeah, and I'm like, mm, mm, and then he picked it up. Hey, how's it going? I'm in the movie. And I'm like, hey, get off the phone. And he's like, mind your own business. And I almost went crazy. But then I looked at my bracelet. What would Jesus do? So I lit him and fired and sent him to hell. Yeah. I did. I'll be honest, I felt a lot better afterwards. Those things work. Money doesn't buy happiness. That phrase should end with just kidding. Good. I'm not a good sport. I'll admit it. I don't enjoy watching other people succeed. That's why all my best friends are in the seventh grade. But you can do it too. It's great for your esteem. No matter what they come, oh, I got an AMI paper. Oh, I have a car. I don't like game shows. I don't like watching people win money. I'm a year in my life, so my next door neighbor knocks on my door one day. Hey, Daniel, get out here. I just want the lottery. Oh, I'm out of here for good. Hold on. Have you told anybody yet? No, you're the first one. Yeah, I don't know if you can cremate someone in a gas fireplace, but I'll find out. And these game shows giving away millions of dollars who wants to watch that. I like a game show with millionaires on it. And they have to play with their own money. And they can't win money. They can only lose until one of them goes completely broke. Yeah, and the show's called, Ha-ha, not your poor. I watch that show every day. What time is it? It's Ha-ha not your poor time. That's the dance you do when it comes on, I guess. You know, the worst television, MTV, I can't stick. Music television. They call it that. They don't even play music. How's that legal? What if everybody did that? Hey, thanks for calling New York Pizza. Yeah, give me two large pepperoni pizzas. We don't sell pizza. What? No, we just have raccoon hats and eye patches. Call a bookstore if you're hungry. They haven't show an MTV that I can't stand. Cribs. You ever watch Cribs? Yeah, that show should be called Want to Feel Like a Failure. A little bow wow has an S series. That's not right. I'll tell you what though. Fiverrgett really famous. I promise you the greatest Cribs episode of all time. Oh, you can trust me on this one. I'm going to hire universal studios to come over to my house. Build an extension of caves and corridors that go from my bedroom to the bathroom. That way every night when I wake up to go pee, the adventure begins. So I wake up, right? I'm like scared and nervous and I have to go and the camera crews follow me. And I'm like, ooh, and I hire Vin Diesel to hide and jump out and scare me and sword fight me. And he's like prepared to die. And I'm like calm down you over actor. I'm paying you to lose. And he's like, oh, and then I kill him and there's a princess tied up. And she's like, thank you. I've been here for so long. I'm at no time for talk. You got a tinkle. Let's run. We start going. The walls start closing in. Yeah, there's doors going down and rocks everywhere. We have to go across an old rope bridge. But halfway across the rope bridge, the bottom one sets on fire. And it snaps and she falls. But I got her with one arm. Yeah. I know people are slipping, but she's looking up at me going, I'll never stop loving you. Close up a my eyes and close up on her eyes and close up a my eyes, quote. And then she falls. And I'm like, why? Why? I snap out of that. I got to pee like a race horse. Back up onto the rope. I get to the bathroom. I pull my pajamas down because I sit down and pee like a girl. And I'm at my house. It's my house. I feel more comfortable that way. Don't judge me. The Bible says not to. But as soon as I sit down, a hologram with my dad pops up. And he's like, Daniel, this is your father. Make sure you look behind the shower curtain before you're too late. A dragon comes from behind the shower curtain. Yeah, it's going to spray me with fire. But I rip the medicine cabinet off right. Me or Qing, Qing kills a dragon. Then I go to the bathroom. And I go back to bed. No one even knows I added these extensions onto my house. It's top secret. My maid comes running in. Daniel, Daniel, what was all that's ruckus? And I'm like, oh, hell, it was nothing. Now get back to your quarters. And she's like, mm-hmm. Then I roll over and stare at the camera crew and I go, shh. And the camera goes back onto Vin Diesel's body. Close up on his face. And then his eyes open. Did you get chills? Yeah. Let's see P Diddy top that crib. Thanks a lot, you guys. You
Start making some noise right now for the one and only. Right in the morning, everybody! Oh, we got the squad together. Fucking Jews are in the building! I'm already having sort of a weird day because I had to put my girls cat down today. I didn't have to, she was just out of town so I saw an opportunity. Fun cat jokes, I get to start it. Is it a cat crowd? Are we not a cat crowd? Well, there's a lot of articles, they're like, then you stop testing makeup on animals and the malleys kind of like who gives a shit, right? But I didn't know they were torturing the ant. I thought they were just putting the mascara on the cats. I'm betraying a cat in a makeup chair. You know how much mascara till this cat looks like a whore? We made whiskers look fuckable. Is that not a system? I'm betraying a scientist, he's putting the mascara, gets a boner, he goes, that's an amount right there, that's the recipe. Send that off to L'Oreal. I would love to wear makeup. I wore makeup one time when my girl was all like, oh you can't do black face, it's racist. I'm not gonna be a white bill cosby for Halloween. I dress up like Bill every year. I'm not gonna stop now just because he's innocent. All of the good opinions start right now. I know, right? I know you can't just say, you know, China, but anymore, right? Is China person? I know, I know the thing. Why are you not supposed to say woman, it's little man? I know, I'm on. They tell you, you know, they tell you the thing is girls are great men are bad, but they go trans, great again, it's simple. Yeah. So I have a friend, this girl from right now is actually transitioning from a girl to a fatter girl. That's too sensitive topics. Trans fat joke. Wait, it's not so little more sensitive in North America though, right? It's kind of like, you know what? Don't ask a girl or way. Like, I took a plane in Ecuador. They way you before you get on the plane. Like, you're a piece of luggage. They're asking girls, they're like, how much you weigh girls? Like, I don't know, 130 in the guy's like, 145! Girls are like, I don't want to go to Ecuador anymore. I mean, like, if dudes before you get on the plane, they're like, all right, boys, dick sizes, on the table. But a ruler in a jeweler's loop. 12 and a half, someone just got upgraded. And the trans stuff, you know, you got to talk about the trans stuff that's the only way to get pressed, but... It's the system. It's the new system. We gotta tell you how to do it. Jews used to run the media. Not anymore. They caught, caught, slip and Jews. I don't know, there's a lot of articles. They're like, you know, if you have sex with a trans person, there's still a penis, you suck the dick. There's nothing gay about that. And you're like, I don't maybe, you know? Or maybe it'll be one of those things in 20 years where like, yeah, we were off on that. Yeah, I got carried it. Remember all those dicks that you suck? And we promised you how straight it was? Psych! You're there with coming your mouth? Like, but you promised! You're telling me this is gay now? What the? That's a bullshit! I guess a lot of people are sort of getting in trouble since, you know, everyone became the volunteer HR department of the internet. You can really only get people fired from their like cool Hollywood jobs. You're not going to get fired from his like construction worker job in Staten Island with a tweet. Well, you come to the foreman, you're like, we did some research and turns out Cody tweeted something racist to 2001. And the foreman's just like, yeah, we're all racist. If you could get off this construction site, you homo. We're kind of in the process of scamming a homeowner, so... That's my homeless guys can do whatever the fuck they want! They're jacking off and put you gonna report them to the bureau? I would the guys are jacking off, calling girls, cons. I would love if afterward they took off their fake homeless beard and costume, goes back to his job as a banker, just blowing off steam! It's cracked in the case that anyone have the fuck they want. Yeah, fuck you bitch! Good session, good session! The dow's down. No, but I moved here from Canada, so I am an immigrant. I wouldn't expect you guys to understand my struggles as an immigrant, but... I will say if you're gonna immigrate somewhere, I recommend you do a white skin no accent, for sure the move. I see these other people, they're like, I moved to country, I go, what are you fucking stupid? A simile brother? Came here to steal these podcasting jobs. I'm from Toronto, though, which is like a city. I don't know if you guys have been to small town, Canada, like you talked to girls, they sound like hockey players, are you familiar? You have red sex with a Canadian girl, they call you buddy the whole time. And she goes, oh fucking pop it in there, bud! Pass it in! She gives you a head, you got chewing tobacco on your dick. You guys are familiar with all this? You put a girl down, she just goes, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh frick! One of the time back there boys. Stands up and gives a post game interview. Yeah, just give it 110 out there on the bedroom, trying to get the dick in the hole and... People in America hate America though, right? Well, like half the country does, the other half loves it too much probably, but... I remember when I moved here, everyone was like, why would you move to America? What are you crazy? Americans are like, spoil rich kids a little bit, where everyone from every country is like, we want to come to your house, you have a pool and a trampoline and you're like, you don't get it, my dad's a Nazi! Which I didn't really believe, everyone was like, oh there's all these Nazis here, which I didn't believe till they started locking up all the Jews, right? Epstein got locked up. Weinstein got locked up. Anthony Weeters behind bars. Who the fuck's next Adam Sandler? Not on my watch. You're gonna fucking lock up the Sandman? This is the best way to describe America. Half the country really loves gay people and half the country really loves troops. Those are the two sides. Those are the right? Half of America's like, I fucking wish I was gay or were my kids to be gay? But yeah, and the other half's like, I fucking suck a troop's dick, nothing gay about that! There's a Patriots cock in your mouth. Dick stuck for America! I don't even know this, but a lot of the gay clubs in New York don't let veterans into the club just because they have a dress code and they're homeless, which makes it difficult. Found out which one this guy is, huh? Hades Gays this guy. Probably one thing that I was wrong about with New York though is that, so on the internet every girl would be like, you know, I get a cat called a hundred times a day, people are calling me hot. And then you'd see some of the girls and you're like, okay, right? Is a hundred times a day for you? Does he amount? And I moved, you're like, it might be fucking 200 times a day. These guys are girls that be coming by bed in a stretch or nine guys are like the pussy ain't dead? Like, creative with their heckles here too. I heard a one guy, he looked at her, and he goes, girl, you got a nice right titty and a left titty. There's gotta be like all school New Yorkers where that's their cute story of how they met. Grandma, how'd you and grandpa meet? And the grandma was just like, I was walking through a dark alley. Your grandfather and nine of his boys were there and they looked at me and yelled, girl, tell me how that ass do bitch. You didn't want to give it a ball at once, but then your grandfather told me both my tittys look nice. Crazy shit dudes are doing for the pooping thing, huh? I guess kind of most stuff, like I do stuff for good. Like, I have a backboard on my bed, that's not for me. I already have a backboard, it's called a wall. And we put a second wall in front of our wall because girls are needy. Even Donald Trump wasn't like, I need two walls. Do you know how much guys do stuff for girls? Look at every other country where the girls aren't allowed to speak. The guys just wear pajamas all day long. Pajamas sandals to a wedding! Playoff beards all year round. Not even cricket playoffs. Yeah, yeah, what are you gonna do? The girls just like, shave your beard. The guys just like, hope people, ho, ho, ho, ho, you know what I'm looking for. Translation, you just bought three more years and not drive in bitch. That is pretty wild though, hey? Telling your girls you can't do stuff and then blaming on God. Your girls like, we want to drive! Why can't we drive? You're like, he's weird. I don't know, you know. You put it in the book and that's what the situation is. We can't do that here, you know? You're fucking your girls. I need you to come to a DJ event with the eye to my friends and you're like, I'll run it by him but I don't... Doesn't sound like something he began to do personally. He come back, he must have been in a mood because he wants you to do the laundry. That's what he prefer. He was very clear on that. He was an exact word. He was mysterious. I'm not religious personally, I'm not gonna worship some dude, I'm not gay. While people are always like, oh, you should worship him and I'm like, yeah, maybe put some tits on him. I'll consider it. Jewish is kind of the funnest religion, right? Just because your Bible is really wishy-washy how to get into heaven. You just have to sort of lawyer your way in. No, in a bad way, it's just got the best loopholes. Like, sir, right? Yeah, you know, like the Orthodox Jews that aren't supposed to touch electricity but then they just hire everyone to turn all their shit on for them. As if God's like, hey, you're not supposed to, oh, well played. Two heavens for you. Catholics do have their loopholes though, right? Like Catholics will be like, no sex before marriage and then certain Catholics will be like, what if we fucking the ass, that's cool, right? Yeah, you're like, probably. That's probably the system. You get to heaven, God's like, you can't get in yet sex before marriage. Here's the photo and you're all cocky like, Assuming on that photo, God. God's like, that's an ass fuck. Get the hell in here. Get in here. Not gonna have his back door. I would say when I moved to America, it was probably like 90% of the internet was about Donald Trump and then 10% was like, someone with a disability doing like an inspirational thing. You know, people cheer him for it. Like, you know, that's a good part. Like a guy in a wheelchair that like climbed up a hill, right? Like a woman playing chess, like overclocked adversity. You know, I don't even think, if I'm being honest, I would say on average, men are dumber. They're just better up mad. Is that fair? She, people are looking at, okay, sorry. I just said this. Average is when you add them up and then divide. It's gone, I'm irrelevant to the joke, whatever. I think we just pretend we're not dumb differently. Like, dudes will be like, I'm street smart, which means fucking recorded. Street smart is like, I didn't finish high school, but I'll get you an eight-ball a crack at 2pm. Street smarts. And girls will be like, I'm emotionally intelligent, which means a basket of problems. Run from this woman. Who thinks she invented a new type of intelligence, which is just her crying? Calling you ballin' her eyes out from work. My intelligence is acting up again. Dumbest person you know every time's a dude. That's just, I was hanging out with my buddy, we were hanging out and he goes, you know, I was thinking about it. I do everything better when I'm high. I drive better high, I think better high, I write better. And I'm like, well, yeah, you're a drug addict. Like, that's how that works. If my barber is a heroin addict, I don't want today to be the day that he gets off of the stuff. Don't really make heroin the secret ingredient for a good cut. I feel like even as I'm saying that, there's some guys in this crowd looking at me like, no, I actually do drive better high though. And I'm like, alright, let me ask you a question. If you go on a plane and the pilot came out big, like, yeah, are you like, that's gonna be a safe flight. Yeah, I feel like, feeling confident. This guy's ripping bombs. I'm like, this is a fucking purple haze right here. Oh, I can see all these people here. This kind of fucked up. You guys are tripping me out. Your pilot's going back through the Bob Marley beads to the cockpit. Yeah, this is your pilot speaking. You ever just look up in this guy and think, well, just specs a dust. What really happened in 9-11? Yeah, you don't want your pilot to ramp on about steel beams, do you? Yeah, I don't think dudes are so great. You know, right now there's some guy on a Dayton girls about crypto and, you know, his co-fit theory. You know, the situation is. But the good news ladies is that men commit suicide out of three times higher rate because the future's female. So that's the good news. That's the future. What? Do you don't think that's what it is? What do you think? Do you think the God's just killing off the sad boys to make more pussy for the rest of us? Two chicks predict the way a lawn tended. That's where you go. Well, no, why do men commit? Do you think the men are more depressed or they're just better following through on their plans? What do you guys think? Well dudes, you're on a little extreme. It's like, I'm going to kill myself. When you go take a day. Girls is more like, you know what? That's it. I'm killing myself. Like, you guys hear him about to... Two flinstown vitamins? Yeah. Instagram story, good bye, cruel world. You know what I honestly think? And this is a positive to girls. I think girls are just better rationalizing a bad situation. That's why, you know, they'll be with some dude like 85 years old DJ from Brooklyn, like, you know, fucking, this is here. You know, one more mixtape we got this, you know. I have a friend. She's a girl. She got in a car accident. She comes back, she goes, you know what guys? I think I needed to go through that. What? You needed to go through what? The red light? How are you possibly trying to make this positive? Girls will be going to jail for life like part of a woman's journey, you know. You're like, you murdered your children. It's like, well, yeah, I needed to focus on me. You heard of it? Well, you hear a lot, you know, people talk a lot about the wage gap. But you never really hear people talk about the red hair gap. And I don't think you guys know this, but people with red hair make less money than people with a red hair. Do you know that? Yeah, that's true. I know what you guys are all thinking. Like, it's probably the jobs they take. Like, there's less money. You're being a carnival operator, backyard wrestler. Or biting the heads off chickens at the state fair. I'm allowed to do these jokes because I have some reds in my beard, so I identify as part of the community. Yeah, I'm sort of like the Elizabeth Warren of the red hair community. Drop of ginger. My ginger doll is all. I don't weird thing though recently though. A girl came up and she goes, hey, I have a compliment for you. I like your hair. It's so wacky. I go, yeah, I don't know. Fackies a compliment. What you guys think is wacky a compliment? Like, if I came up to a girl tonight and I'm like, yo, you have the wackiest tits. Wacky tits. All right, stop. Don't give me start on that wacky vagina. Wait, you guys don't know who wacky is vagina? You never seen this? You take the girls pants off. There's a mini golfing windmill in front of the vagina. You have to time your strokes just right to get. And if you do manage to get your dick it unlocks some other shit. Two gnomes jump out with riddles. One of us is lying. One of us is telling the truth. Wacky vagina. But I would never say that too because I'm not mean. Well, that's it is contrary because dudes aren't me. Like, girls not to say like the real hurtful shit. You know, guys are like, you're stupid and girls are like, yeah, well, your brother's the hot one. Oh, real? Zero to a hundo. I was watching a couple arguments and a bar and the guy goes, you're a fucking bitch. This and that and the girl looks at him. She goes, my last boyfriend made three times as much money as you all. Like fuck. Real shame that hurts feeling. I didn't even know what to do. He was just like, okay. Well, you know, I'm trying, Jennifer. Get to go home. That's not how you heard girls feelings by calling her a bitch. What you need to do is break her down slowly with little comments, but her physical appearance. If you want me that guy, you know, just little shit. Like, what your eyes always that far apart? Like, just a little comment. You're in there. Well, recently, my girl was like, oh, I don't even think I'm hot. Six months ago, she thought she was gorgeous. So that's progress I've made. You guys don't have to do, I'll give you an example. Okay, we can talk about hot chicks obviously because there's none here, right? And, um... Well, there obviously is, but I'm just trying to lower the girl's self-esteem a bit for the boys. Boy, boy, boy. My goal is for you to be leaving with your girl tonight in the car. She's like, I've been thinking, I don't even deserve you. You're like, that comedian. Looking it up for the fellas. My relatable dude material. Girls, you wouldn't get earmuffs. You won't even understand it either way, but they, every guy in this room has been there, right? We're having sex with our girl and she's like deeper, but we are to give her the full one and a half inches fella. Oh, what? Dude shit! What? Dude shit! Yeah, right? She's all like harder and what do we say? Yeah, you would want a harder, right? Yeah, and what does our girl say? No, get your dick's harder. You've been finger-splinting a soft penis into my vagina. Dude shit! Dude shit! You've been pinched! You're looking at me, like that's never happened. You know, your girl's like you're making me wet, but you've been peeing in her fella. Fell off! You've been pinched, dude shit! Gloss it! She's been all girly, right? Like, look me in the eyes, right? And we gotta be like, I'm not taking my VR goggles off. For you or anybody? Foo-chit! Classic, we've all been there, right? You're having sex with your girl, but you're not enjoying it because we're gay. BLEEEEEEEES! BLEEEEEEEES! That was a good one. Pretty sick, yeah? You guys have been following this whole COVID-19 thing? Um... Well, it is kind of annoying, right? Like, every day Fell-chees on the news, and it's just so hard not to come. He's like, I want to give you an injection. We're like, I've been waiting, I fucking... So fucking hot, the Fell-che. What have you saw this? But you guys, do you remember there were these rabbis that said they thought the coronavirus vaccine was making people gay? Yeah, which is a pretty funny way to come out of the closet, right? Your wife comes home, you're blowing it, dude. Like, the fucking vaccine, baby! Your beef is a Bill Gates! That's legal here, right? Gay marriage? I was like, what, two years ago? You guys finally... No, is that not the most American thing ever? The 2015 gay marriage was legal by 2016 Americans were already yelling at other countries that haven't done it yet. Americans are like the person who gets sober and shows up to the party. Like, you're all fucking degenerates! You're a day ago! No, I have a... I have really good gay, though. I can actually tell us someone's gay. What I do is I suck your dick, and if I taste poo on it, I know. I report it to the authorities. They say, Saudi Arabia, we got one. No, no, my brother's gay. No one cares of your gay. Like, my brother's gay and he came with a closet. He thought my dad would care. My dad just gave him a hug and whispered in his ear. So, everyone's family deals with it differently. No, but he wasn't the gay pride parade. I mean, my family all went there to boo him. Have you guys been to the gay pride parade? It's the funnest parade. It's literally the only parade where a grown man can helicopter his dick in front of crowd of people and everyone cheers for it. This is progress! I did that of the Thanksgiving parade and I got such a different reaction. Possibly because my dick was erect. But, other parades could learn from that. Like, there's titties out. I went to the cancer march. Zero titties. This is not that kind of parade. You guys always think the worst of me, huh? Okay, you know what? I agree that we just crossed the line and... But, all jokes aside, I didn't want any money to the cancer march. I told them cure cancer. I told them the gay pride parade to help them cure gay. I said... I said, here's $20. I hope you guys find a cure for this whole thing. And they said, we're trying to spread this. I said, what the heck excuse me? I'll be taking that back. Being gay would rule though, right? They have the most sex, which that's pro. If you actually think about it, like, that kind of proves once and for all that guys were hornyer than girls, I think, right? When you leave the boys to their own devices, they... They're gonna get down, right? But I don't know, ladies, it's 2022. Clap if you think sometimes girls could be just as horny as guys. Yeah. No, I don't really think so, but I just want everyone to know where the hoser is at. So... Thirsty... Thirsty... Do what you will with that information. No, it's true. It's gay people have the most sex, straight people have the second most, then lesbians have the least sex. That's zero sex because you need a penis for sex. And... You know, I don't even think that's true, but like, I'm just stupid. This, honestly, I'm dumb. If you guys tell me why when two girls eat each other out, they call it sex. I had a girl out in high school and told everyone I fucked her, it became Ryan the liar for... I mean, Tyler's semester. To me, it feels like a double standard. She just got it. She's like, you killed the cat? The cat, okay. Girls are a little demanding during sex right now though. They'll be like, you know, oh, I want an erect penis. You know what? I want your dad to stop filming. Girls will be like, girls say they're almost about to come, like your black friend says he's almost at your house. He is not left, so... Did black guys like it? Okay. There's nothing that makes white people more uncomfortable than race jokes. You guys better be on my team. White people aren't really in the good books right now, huh? Not really a fan favorite? Which I get? White people are kind of extra. There's two annoying types of white people. There's the white people, they're like, white people are the worst. We should fucking die and... These are killer babies. They won't even let my dog be trans, like, you know, this fucking type, right? But then there are still white people that are like, actually white people are the best. Let me show you some statistics and you're like, I don't want that even to do it this either. Can anyone be normal? Can people be normal in this country? Is that a positive... I'm the first one. I hate white people. I actually have a group of whites against whites. There's no blacks allowed, obviously. But... To be in 30 white people, we get together once a week and yell at each other. You're the problem, Chad. You're the problem, Ryan! What are you an Italian? Well, allow it. I don't know. People think it's so different. Are you like Middle Eastern or something? Indian? Well, yeah. What? Why is that so fucking weird? She thought a Middle Eastern was Indian. What a fucking idiot! That's like, what do you... What do you... What do you Greek? I'm Italian. You moron! From somewhere over there. I don't know. You got something going on, right? Greek or some shit? Egyptian. Egyptian. That's nice. What did she say? I'm Greek. I mean, can you believe this motherfucker right now? Where I go, what do you Greek or something? And he goes, nah, Egyptian. And his girl goes, yeah, he's half Greek, half Egyptian. Do you hate me? Well, I don't even know this, but India has the highest levels of domestic violence. Yeah, but before you judge, you fucks, talk about her people. You might also want to know that India has the highest levels of their wives misbehaving. So it's sort of a chicken and egg situation. Asian girls like me, at least, though, just historically. Yeah, I don't know what it is. I'll be like, hey, and they'll be like, oh, I got you, you know. Yeah, and I'm going to be like, all right, back in the trunk. I mean, you know what? You know what? Try this again tomorrow, I guess. If you want to join the others in the basement. Asians are crushing it. This is how sick Asians are. There's a lady in my gym that runs with her hands in the air on the treadmill. That's just how she does it. Yeah, any other race. You'd be like, look at this psychopath, right? Asian lady, you're like, what does she know? No. No. Not all Asians, though. I guess Filipinos aren't crushing it does, but yeah, you know, just unfortunately Filipinos are going to be in the cages with white people. 20 years. Just singing white people's slave songs. Never made it as a wise man! Don't waste your time, I mean you... Caucasian spirituals, that's her. Well, we got to pretend that stereotypes aren't true, even though they for sure are. But... Well, even like, okay, I'll tell you, even like the girls we date, I used to live with a house with a small Jewish dude and a big black guy, right? And like, if a girl came to the door for one of them, like we all knew exactly which one of those two... This woman was there to see. Like, you see a girl come in like basketball jerseys, like, you know, track pants, hoop earrings. We're not like, maybe it's here for David Steinberg, that's probably... It's probably your name. Yeah, maybe if she wants to get the earrings appraised. Even like, family shit, like where I grew up in Toronto, like if you tell a black guy, like a fuck your mom, it's very like, what the fuck you do? Right, you know, you tell me, I fucked your mom, I'm like, oh shit, Brenda's getting dick, huh? Can I use this against her? You guys might not know this, but because of like hip hop and it'd be a mainstream and stuff, like every white guy, like a little bit, kind of uses a black guy voice during sex. It just became the industry standard. Oh, what? Oh, you, these guys aren't awful. You're not a little bit, you're not like, yeah, what's up girl, you know? Like a little. Yeah, you know what it is. You're getting the head, you're saying white guy shit, picked up, you know what I mean? Capacapa coming, you can't fuck it. Don't work. You got a smooth black guy shit. I got four haircuts this week, what's up? Yeah, I got an uncle that's three years younger than me girl, you know what's up? Cool guy shit. What's the alternative white guy shit? Like, I'm gonna shoot this pussy up like a school. We're not hot? Okay, I agree, school shootings are bad. But men do it because girls like the bad boy. And it's unfortunate that you put these kids in this position. Why no, girls say they want like kind of an emotional guy. They're like, oh, I want guys to cry, but then when I start bawling my eyes out because my arms heard from carrying the groceries, that's not what you meant apparently. I feel like we just don't know what we want. Like, girls say they want an emotional guy. Part of the way the dudes are like, you know, I want a girl that wants to fuck all the time. And then you have that and you're like, this is hell on earth. You're trying to sleep on a Tuesday night and your girls like, I'm ready for round 15. And you're like, I don't have any more blood left. I can't be choking you while criminal minds is on in the background. The SVU theme song's playing. Bum bum. You want a normal girl that's like that sometimes. Not you can't go anywhere. You're at a baptism. She's like, fuck me on the baby. It's too much. Driving home. It's like, let me give you a road ahead. It's like, you're driving. This out of control. My parents are in the back seat with the baby from the baptism. We had to kidnap, but it's evidence now. You want normal relationship sex. Two or three times a week and one of you's doing it against your will. That's... That's an adult system. And no condoms either. So I'm on the pull-out method. You guys know what that is? You're going to pull a mother. So pull-out method is when you come in your girl, pull out of her driveway, leave town, start a new life in America. Well, that's a thing. Girls don't want to hear dudes' problems so we don't tell you. But, you know, here's an example. Here's a fucking sick thing about being a girl. You could change your image till you're like 85 years old. You know, maybe I'm cowgirl today. Maybe I'm rockin' roll. Dude, when you turn 25, that's how you look till you die. That's the fucking... If you want to wear like a new hat, you need to start prepping that months in advance. Well, like you guys here, can I take your stuff? You guys know what I look like, right? Okay, give me your glasses. But, you guys know what I look like. Imagine a fucking eye-come-out tonight for the first time. And I'm like, what's up? We doing comedy? Uh... It's uh... It's uh, boys' rule. You know what it is. Yeah, you know what the fuck, guys? We're in a hat now? You can't do that. Dude, I'm a buddy. You got an earring at 25. We haven't let him hear the end of it still. That's it, you fucking... Does you know this guy had to go to the mall? Go to Claire's? Sit next to some six-year-old girl. What are you gonna get it? I'm getting a sapphire. I think he's gonna hurt. Her dad's there. Like, can you not talk to my daughter, please? Is that a... Possibility? Here's another thing that girls wouldn't know. I remember my ex, she goes, you don't know what it's like to be a woman and walk alone at night and feel unsafe. And I'm like, dude, every guy's felt unsafe. But you're right, you would never know that, because we would never fucking tell you that. What? No guy's walking home through a dark alley, calling his girl like, babe, I'm spooked. Can you Uber me a night light? Dude, you can be getting beat up. You're like, actually, things are going better never-of. Those thugs are unsafe, because I'm a weapon, so... But I know, listen, I'm a tall guy, so if I'm walking alone behind a girl at night, I'll try to take a fake phone call and say some real pussy-ass shit to let her know I'm not a threat. Yeah, I'll be like, you know, lean it down, I'm such a queen, like let her know. She's in the presence of a non-threatening man. Does Craig want to fuck my wife? Well, that's between Craig and my wife. If you're doing it on my bed, just don't touch the Fauci bubbleheads. She robs me. I have a body, he's been with the same girl his whole life, it's kind of cute. But the thing is, all of his references with women is like this one girl. So we're hanging out the other day and he goes, isn't that kind of weird that sometimes when you're having sex with your girl, they shit a little bit and we're like, what the fuck? That is just your girl. But I do love the idea of him, like walking to the laundry mat with shitty sheets like, women, right boys? Anyone here into some weird sex ship before we go? She's fucking ramped up to tell you right now. She's like, what I like to do is in the morning, fuck a half-greek half Egyptian. And at night I fuck a full Egyptian. This is the weirdest thing I've ever had though. So this is, you know, here's a guy who's dating this girl on Tron. And she goes, listen, my finger in sex is I want you to treat me like I'm a 10-year-old and pretend that I'm 10. And I'm like, if you're going to be 10, I have to be 10 too. We have to both be 10. Because your fetish can't be that I'm a pedophile. Like, well, you're like, I'm 10 and I'm like, and I'm 55. Yeah, I don't know what worked for me. And also, by the way, we're in a condo with like thin walls, right? Yeah, she'll be like, you know, yeah, I just finished grade six, come fuck me. And I'm like, yo, keep it down. We have neighbors. They're going to bust down the door with the cops. Like, that's the guy and I'm like, no, she's 25 and they're like, but she identifies as 10. I'm all about her. I'm in the law. All right, you guys are the best. Thank you very much. I'm very, very much appreciated. And thank you to anyone who shared a video and told a friend who listened to podcasts. It's been very, very cool. Peace!
I'll try to come, I'll be there. I'm out of the mood. I'll be taking it up. I'm ready. Oh! Tonight I'll be great. Woo! Oh, so good. Oh, wow! Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Andrews and Zina. Hey Boston, how are you? Fantastic. It's so good to be here. You have to excuse me if I'm a little tired. I'm not getting a lot of sleep lately because I'm a human being. And I never trust someone that does get good sleep. When I meet a guy, he's like, I get like 9 or 10 hours of sleep a night. I'm always like, oh, cool. You don't have worries and stuff. You don't have anything. How do you sleep at night? Honestly, how do you get to sleep at night? I would love to know. I am falling in and out of not being able to get to sleep. And the biggest issue I'm having is outside of my bedroom window, there's a tree. And inside the tree is all the birds in the entire world. All the birds in the world were like, let's go to the tree! And they all came. And they're like, you want to wake them up all the time and yell. And they're like, yeah, that's so fun. How fun! To ruin this guy's life. They chirp as loud as they can at around three or four in the morning. I mean, they, at the top of their little lungs, which I would love to pop one by one. It's like bubble wrap. I want to go down the road like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But they yell. And so here I am at four in the morning googling how to kill all the birds. And Google's like, I have no idea. I don't know. You're crazy. And I got in an internet wormhole. You know how you get like a wormhole. And you're like, how am I on the Home Depot website? How did that, then I just by lawn furniture? I don't have a lawn. How did I get here? But I saw this subcategory and it said, in this part of Southern California, this particular bird, it's high mating season. And I was like, oh, that's right. The bird call is their mating season. We all know that. You know, like that's, that makes perfect sense. I can't believe I missed that. But I thought the nerve of this dude, like the nerve of these guys, that I have to wake up at four in the morning because they want to wake up at four in the morning to just go, all right. I want some dirt, come on. Come on, come on. Peek, peek, pee, peek, peek, peek. Peek, peek, poop, peek, peek, poop, peek. Peek, peek, poop, peek, poop. Peek, peek, peek, pee, peek, pee. No, come here. Peek, peek, peek. That's just what that guy gets to do. That's what that man gets to do. Just scream it out loud. scream it out loud, and then he just gets to wait. He realizes he just gets to sit there and wait, until a female bird catches literal wind of it, flying by and goes, oh yes, and what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, she flies to him, they make it the love. That's how they do that. Brilliant creatures. What are we doing talking to one another? What a waste of our time. We should just walk into a barn, be like, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, no, no, no, no, fine, fine, fine, fine, and then go home. Right. Right. I don't know, I'm just getting irritated as I get older. The more people I meet, the more people I hate. Kind of my theory. You know when you hold a door for somebody, and they don't say thank you, and you're like, oh, cool, I should just be able to kill you now. I should just be able to take you out. We don't need you anymore. I held the door for you. You didn't say anything? I should just be able to have a leather pouch with stones in it. And no thank you? Okay, sounds good. That's what you get. That's what you get. That's what you get. You say thank, be a grown-up, say thank you. Minimal stuff gets under my skin now. It's like the smallest thing, like, I hate when I go, when I go in a public bathroom, and they don't have paper towel, it drives me crazy. We all feel it, but no one says anything. Like, I don't want your hot wall air. No. Give me a dead tree, I'm a grown man. I don't need hot wall air. That's what I have to work with. Or even worse when they have like the wall mounted ones, that you have to shimmy your hands into and play operation, so not to touch the sides. It's disgusting. Give me a paper towel. We all want a paper towel, because we dry off our hands with it, right? And then you use it to what? Open the door, yes, America. Because I'm not disgusting. So I grab the paper towel, I dry off with it, and then I open the door, I wedge my foot in the door there, and then I grab the paper towel, crumple it up, I look down to my right, and if there isn't a trash can there, I just throw the paper towel when a trash can't supposed to go. So the establishment knows, guys, that's where that goes. You think I'm going to reach back? I don't know, I don't think so. I love to see other paper towels there, I'm like, we're here. We're here! Kids are just getting too soft. Like I picked up my buddy's kid from this park and this playground that he was at, and I just, it's so sad, because I looked at the playground, there was nowhere to get hurt. Like, there was nowhere for tetanus to be caught. I was like, what? Come on, where's creepy, rapey fill? Like there's no one. It was the safest playground I've ever seen in my life. Everything was plastic, it was really cute and nice, and there was like, cut up rubber on the ground for them to land on. And I was like, this is exactly the opposite of what my playgrounds were like. When we were kids, do you remember our playgrounds? I don't know what Wacadoo team of engineers was making our playgrounds, but they wanted to kill us. They wanted to hurt us so bad. They were just in a room like, all right, we got to, uh, got to make a playground. Let's go make a slide. I guess we got to make a slide for them. Hey, is it going to be sitting in the sun all day long? We should make it out of metal. Make it out of metal. Yes. Make it out of metal. Yeah, it'll burn right through their little umbrose shorts. They'll just get on it and just, uh, skive it down and just blood trails all the way down the slide. Oh, it'll be hilarious. What about in the winter? Oh, it'll be a nice loose. It'll be a nice loose. What's going to slow them down at the bottom? Probably their face. Their faces will slow them down. They have these tie-up molecule machines. They're like, they're going to get me a truck tire. Put some rusty chains on it. Just, I want a big piece of metal that just spins around for no reason. Yeah. What's it going to, oh, someone will just die on it for sure. Or my favorite, my favorite was, go get me a huge piece of wood, a big two by four. We're going to put a, uh, a thing, a bar in the middle of it. It's, uh, just going to rock up and down. And the soul safety of an eight-year-old kid, 10 feet off the ground will just be some other eight-year-old kid. You think he's going to jump off on his body? No, no, no. The whole time you're like, you having fun, man? Can't wait to break your hip. That's how you make friends. You make friends because you know you can hurt somebody. Like, I love you. I want to break you in a million pieces. Have you ever had a friend who's so bad at following you in their car that you just don't want to be friends with them anymore? You know, you know when you're like, hey, man, follow me to the place. And they're like, okay, I'll mess this up for sure. My buddy, Nick, I love him to death. But every time I'm like, just follow me. You have one job. Follow my car in your car. And he's like, okay. And then halfway through, I left a pullover and call him on the Bluetooth and be like, hey, buddy, I saw that you stopped in a yellow light again. Like an idiot. We all know better. Green, go. Red, stop. Yellow. Go. Everybody go. As fast as you possibly can. I want to get out of my car sometimes at yellow and be like, come on, come on, come on, come on. Come on, this doesn't matter. Let's go. And he was like, yeah, dude, okay, I obey traffic laws. You don't. And I said, you're right. He's right. I don't. For the majority of them, I don't. Because they're bullshit. They're so dumb. They're made up. And we're like, oh, Kenoki, we just respect them for no reason. They're made up. When I get to a four-way stop sign, and there's no other cars there, I'm not going to stop. Ever. What am I stopping for? There's no other vehicles there. No question. Stop. No thank you. Thank you, though. I appreciate your input, but I'm just going to keep on rolling. We're the youngest country in the world, and we think that we can do it better. The rest of the world, if you ever been outside this country, they have roundabouts. Roundabouts is what they have, right? And America was like, no, no, no, we're going to f*** that up. Roundabouts make perfect sense. Yeah. Like a little British guy gets in his little British car, and he drives up to a little British intersection. He doesn't stop. He yields. He slows down. He looks to his right, and goes, no calls. F*** off. Bap, bap. Off to sweep a chimney and save England. There he goes. It's like when I get to a no-right on red sign, you know those ones. It's like no right on red. I'm always like, for whom? For whom is that? I'm going to, hey, are you a sign? I'm a man. See you later. My biggest issue is with speed limits. I have the biggest issue with them. I've copped me over, and he was like, do you know how fast you were going? And I was like, yeah, I do. That's the car's only job. Is to tell me how fast I'm going inside of it. It wouldn't be a car otherwise. And he goes, do you know the speed limit? And I go, never. I never have known. Because I don't care. They change every 50 feet. You want me looking up there or on the road? You got to pick one guy. You got to choose. You got to choose. And he goes, how do you gauge your speed then? And I said, well officer, I get in my vehicle. I put the key in, I turn it on, and then I put my foot on the gas thing, and I just go until some shit gets in my way. And I'm like, I got to get around all this shit. And I do. And then I just keep going until I reach my destination as fast as I possibly can. If there was no traffic, I'd go a thousand miles an hour everywhere. Because it's made up. It's all made up. Like school zones in California are 25 miles an hour. 25 miles an hour. Do you think you're not going to kill a kid at 25 miles an hour? You get to split him in half. You see little light up shoes go flying through the air. Chance worked backpacks at three-rig binders everywhere. 25? It's like, what was that? Seven kids. You're flying through here at 25. The speed limits on the freeway in California are like 60. 55 is 60. And I don't get it. Why not? 160. Why not? Do you think you're going to die less at 60 than at 160? No, you're still going to die, but you're going to see it coming. It's 60. You're like, no, but I was just semi-spinning. Oh my god! Ah! You see your stupid life flash and funny your eyes. I was it worth it! Put it at 160. You don't see shit and it's over like that. And you put on a show for everybody else on the road. Look at that. 15 flips! Put some glitter in your trunk. You know what I mean? Whoa! Make the news! Don't make the news! Make the news! Make the news! I came with this conclusion, when a couple of years ago, I got to go to Germany and I got to go on the Autobahn. Do you guys know what the Autobahn is? Yeah, yeah. People are nodding already. So for those that don't know, it's a freeway system where there's no speed limit. There's no speed limit. And I went and I was test driving this brand new car as a gift from somebody. One of the guys from the company was inside the car with me. And we're driving on the Autobahn and he's a tiny little German guy, Klaus. And he's very quiet the whole time. And here we are. We're just driving on the Autobahn. And finally he pipes up and he goes, yeah, so if you want to drive the car, you can just drive the car. And I was like, I'm sorry, I didn't hear what you said. And he was like, if you want to drive the car, you can just drive the car. And I was like, oh, cool. Are you calling me a pussy? Because I'm driving the car. And he was like, I just want you to just like experience the machine. And I was like, do you want me to just like, he's like, just go. Just go. And I was like, yeah, okay, okay. And then I ripped it into gear and we're flying and I was like, this is awesome. This makes sense. These Germans. That's how they figured this out. They built that freeway system and they were sitting in a room and they're all delegating like, how fast should this speed limit be? And they're like, we don't know. What should we do? We don't know. And then the big leader guy came in who's kind of a dick, but like he's kind of, you know, he's forward about everything. And everyone's like, what should we do? And he's like, there be no speed limit. Wherever you want to go, just go. You want to go there? Just go there. Where do you want to go there? Go there. You go there. You go. You go. You go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. What? That's how that started? Uh-oh. A little history lesson for you guys. One of the best and the worst things I think you can ever do when you fall in love with someone is move in together. It's like a, it's a great moment, but it becomes the woman's hair palace. It's just their hair palace at some point. They literally move in and they're like, cool, is this the kitchen? You're like, yeah, they're like, okay. And I get better now. Comedy has been so great to me. I get to travel the world and do this for a living. It's incredible. And I got to go to London, England a couple of years ago. And my experience was, and that's not so good. That's how they talk there. I was in London, England with some friends. And I wanted to go grocery shopping because I was staying there for a while. And I was like, let's go grocery shopping. And one of the guys was like, let's do some drugs first. And I was like, okay, okay. And we didn't do something. We just did the drugs. We did all the drugs. And it was a bad idea. And I went to the grocery store. And while I was there, you must know in England they do this thing. They say, are you all right? Okay, it's a phrase. But they switch together. They go, you're all right. And that's just, it's really quick. It's like, you're all right. And everyone goes, you're all right. And that's it. And they don't, they don't actually care if you're all right. Like, it's like when we say, what's up? Because if you were like bleeding from the head profusely, and they were like, you're all right. And you're like, I'm bleeding. And they're like, all right. And they'd walk away. And not give a shit. But I was at the grocery store and the woman behind the thing was like, you're all right, love. And I was like, fantastic. Thank you very much. And she's like, all right. And just, you know. And I was like, are you dancing? What are we doing? And the guy behind me was like, all right, mate. And I was like, all right. I'm all right. Everybody knows I'm all right at this point. And there's a weird stagnant air amongst us. And I was like, what is it? What is happening? And finally, this guy behind me smacks me on the shoulder and goes, oh, ginger. Pack your f*** groceries. And I was like, I'm sorry. And he goes, pack your f*** groceries. And I was like, I don't know. Oh, my God. I looked down and all my groceries had piled up. All of them had piled up. And I realized there's no bagger. I looked down the line. I looked at, there are no baggers to be had. You pack your own groceries in England. Did you know that? No, you didn't. Nobody knows that. You don't get off the plane. And I'm like, welcome to London. We've got shitty weather. You pack your own groceries. No one said anything to me. So I was like, oh, my God. And I ran down to the end. And I'm throwing stuff in a bag violently nervous. Because they're all looking at me at this point. And I throw a soup can in there. And it rips the bag. And he goes, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Ginger does not. He's going to pack us home groceries. And the whole story rubs. I said, Ginger does not. He had to pack us home groceries. They all came out of the woodwork. Like, don't you, don't you, don't you. I was like, go, go, go, go, go, go. I said, oh, la, la, la, la, la, la. Winston Churchill was like, you pack your own groceries, isn't? It's like Mary Poppins, photoboy. I was like, you pack your grocery. I was embarrassed. They were laughing at me. The whole store was having a laugh, pointing, and laughing with the British faces, like, oh, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. And I didn't do anything to these people. Nothing. And I was throwing stuff in a bag stuff in a bag and I kind of blacked out. I would just like went to another place. I was like, you guys are lucky that I don't have my American bald eagle horn with me. I would just whip it out and go, and in comes a bald eagle like, what's going on man? I'm like, these guys are being so mean. He's like, I got this. He's ripping their British heads off, choking them out with American flags in bus of tank and on top of its Bruce Prinks team, he's playing board in the USA with his penis. Gone just, this is lighten him up and I'm like, yeah, this is the best. But none of that happened. I stood there like an idiot throwing stuff in a bag, dripping with sweat, nervous and embarrassed and the guy goes, good job. Are you saying to us in the States, you don't pack your own groceries, huh? You don't pack your own groceries and I go, no, we don't. We have old people and mentally handicapped kids that do that. You guys are Mander Santino, I love you. Good night.
I came up doing comedy in New York, the old school way, in dark little smoky rooms. These crowds just came to laugh because they needed to laugh. When we were doing this special, we wanted to capture what that was like. And that's what this is. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. DC Bennett. Long Island is good to be here, Long Island, yeah. Across the street from the gas station. Good to be here. Next to the kosher deli that closed down for the health violation. That's always good. You know, throwing bacon bits into mots of balls. That'll do it. The word gets out. People always look at me. They're like, you don't look like you're going to be funny. You look like one of those dudes that you'll rent a boat from. You get out on the water. There's a hole in the bottom. I hear that a lot. People say I look like Jeff Goldblum if he did some time. I hear that. Some lady. I lived in a building for two years. This lady thought I was the super of the building, the superintendent. For two years, she would come up to me with very specific maintenance requests. She'd be like, Hector. Hector. My sink is clogged again. I have to tell her, maybe not coming in 10 minutes. They may not coming. I bet he'd be sure of the time people calling, just every minute. They may not come. I didn't know if that joke could work in long Island. You guys have lawns and houses. You guys don't have supers with the key rings and everything. It's good for me to get out of, you know, we're going to city. A lot of people, nothing. Here's another thing. I have people ask me for directions. They ask me for directions all the time. I was standing up and I was in the city. Some lady came up and just goes, and it's New York City and don't ask. They just demand. A lady comes up and just goes, Broadway. Not where is it or how do I get to it? Or any of that other stuff you'd associate with a question is confusing. I'm like, should we question a show tune? Is that a code like my fly's down? Oh, Broadway, thank you, lady. So I had to ask. I was like, can you clarify what it is exactly you need? So then she treats me like an idiot. She puts it in a question form but says it really slowly. She's like, how? Do I get to Broadway? So I gave her the most New York answer. I could think of, I was like, well, that all depends on how big you can dream. Yeah, so that happened everybody. So, uh, live in Brooklyn. Live in Brooklyn. You guys know it over there. That's my, sure. It's fancy now. You know, my neighborhood's changing a lot. Changed a lot. I've been there like 30 years. My neighborhood's been, you know, like, okay. So I go to this deli pretty much every day in my neighborhood. I go to this deli. So I go the other day to get cat food. I go to get cat food. That's one of my rituals. And I'm in line and there's one of the newer people in the neighborhood on the phone behind me. Very loud. Like, seriously, literally, really, really, really, really. I can't even, you know, it's just sentence fragments. And then, uh, and then they start critiquing the neighborhood. They're like, if I'm going to be totally transparent about this neighborhood, I have to say my major problem with it is that it lacks diversity. I'm like, wait a minute now. It's mostly old school-y Thai neighborhood, but we're, you know, in a Korean deli. There's a Mexican dude behind the counter making a bagel for the Jewish lady who is, of course, complaining because she ordered and everything with nothing that's blowing his mind. He's trying to give her a plane. He's trying to give her a plane. There's a crackhead trying to buy a Lucy. What's missing? Like a one-legged alien in Capri pants? Like, what's missing? You know? So now I'm up at bad. I get to the register, right? To buy my cat food. I realize I forgot my wallet. But I know the guy. I've been coming there 30 years. So I told the guy, I'm like, listen. Uh, I'm going to hit you off later today when I come through again. And before he can respond, the person behind me on the phone in reference to me says really loudly, white privilege. I was like, eh. So I went outside. I stole their bike and I left a note that said reparations. All right. My name was still has some kind of old school stuff. There's still that old school crime that happens that my name would have been totally gentrified it. You know, like, uh, my car has been broken into eight times in the last two months. So I've been obsessed. I'm glad you're laughing. And they, whoever it is takes random stuff, like 43 cents and owners manual, you know, it feels very personal. I feel very violated. So I'm like, I'm going to, ooh, I'm just going, ooh, I can't, I'm obsessed with just catching whoever it is. Yeah, I'm going to have violent fantasies if I could only catch this person. If I could only catch about a week ago, uh, I'm laid up in my underwear. It's midnight. Watch the TV and only tell you the underwear part because it figures into the story. And I hear the alarm go off and I look out of the window and there's a little dude in my car going through my stuff. And, uh, uh, he's got Nike a bag because it's Brooklyn, you know, and it's not the blue one. You're allowed to have. It's the yellow one that's not supposed to leave this store. So I'm like, that's a fucking career criminal over there. Look at that, you know, some banging on the window and he's like, fuck you buddy. I'm like, oh, it's on now. It's on. You know, so I run out of house. I'm chasing this guy. I'm booking after this guy. I really, two blocks into it. I was so angry about the whole thing. I didn't put on pants. I'm chasing this guy in my underwear. I got on flip flops and I have that planner for Shytis, where you've got to have the, uh, the insults. You know, every step hurts. I don't have my glasses. I'm falling apart. I'm the Tin Man chasing this guy, you know. So this is not thought out, you know. So actually, I finally catch up to him and now it's my moment, right? I catch up to him and he's like, I'm sorry, you know, and it's, and he's got, and he's got, and, and, you know, it now's my moment to, to reach the violence that I've been thinking about. But, but then I'm thinking about, I'm like, wait a minute. It's, it's midnight. I can't see really what's going on. He's got his arm behind the bag. Like, you might have something like, I don't know, box cutter or something like that. Hey, you know, I'm in my underwear. You know, it's just, uh, so, uh, but I'm like, I want it to stop. I have to do something. So I improvise. Uh, I just say to a Muslim, listen, man, if you ever come to his neighborhood again, uh, I'm going to have to rape you, right? And I don't know where that came from. I don't know what that came from, right? I mean, if you know me, that's how I mean, as I'm saying, like, ah, ah, ah, ah. You know, because New York is freaky. He could have just been like, you know, bent over and been like, slightly. And now I got a butt-fucked this guy by the BQE to prove a point for justice. But anyway, that guy laughed. Uh, these jokes were one person at a time. But anyway, you know, it had the desired effect. He was horrified. He took off, right? So now, so I go back to my place. Yeah, I put on pants, shoes, shirt. I go to the precinct. There's two blocks away. Uh, and I'm like, listen, there was a guy breaking in the cars. Um, uh, we, uh, I pursued him. We had a discussion. Uh, and they're like, let's, let's go for a ride. Let's go find, let's go for a ride. Let's go find this fucking cock, suck over there. And they put out the, I mean, they're very amped up, right? And they put out the APV, uh, this is my day over there with the, uh, you know, we could fucking, like, keep it running, running, breaking the cars. You should go for a confining. You know, so I'm driving around. Within 10 minutes, they get a call. Uh, that, that, that, you know, they've hemmed up this guy over there on Sacket Street, Red Hook or whatever, you know, to meet the description. We drive over there. I see the guy like the lights on him, you know, and he's pacing back and forth and everything. And, and the cop with me is like, that's the guy, right? That's the guy. And I'm like, wait a minute, wait, because he had a hat on and he didn't have a hat before. And, you know, you want to be 100% sure. You know, you see those HBO documentaries, it's the wrong person. And then we give it a jiggle on lives that ruined it and everything. So I'm like, I, you know, he didn't have a hat on. So the guy, the cop makes me say, they take off the hat, right? Huh. Do takes off the hat. And he's like, that's him, right? That's that fucking cock, suck. And I'm like, just see, it's called easy. It happened to me. We weren't there, you know. Let me see. So I'm like, I still, he's a little far off. I can't see the, his facial features. I'm not 100, I've got to be 100% sure. So I'm like, listen man, maybe he could come a little closer so that cop's like, listen. I'm gonna go out and I'm gonna ask him some questions. You I baldish, wuck, wuck, wuck, wuck, wuck, wuck. Whatever, whatever. All right, all right. So, I've asked him some questions. I see the guy's face, I see him up close. I hear his voice. You know, he's like, I didn't do anything. I'm like, that's the guy. 100%. 100%. Cop gets back in the car. He's like, that's him, right? That's him. I'm like, yeah, actually, that is him. He's like, I knew it. I'm like, how'd you know it? He's like, he's all sweaty. I'm like, why y'all sweaty? He's like, I was out running. Why are you running at midnight? Some dude was chasing me, threatened to rape me. So. A little wholesome rape story for everybody. My comedy is not for everybody. I found that out. You know, there are people who do not think I'm funny. I was working in Chattanooga, Tennessee, which is the Indian name for there's nothing to do in this town. The crowds hated me. The first night I was there, I made a joke about Dale Earnhardt. Some of the audience stood up and went easy, easy. It was all quiet except for the sound of pitchforks, a sharpening, you know. But the thing is, you got to embrace wherever you go. You got to embrace the differences. You know, that's how I feel about it. So I'm like, what do they have in Chattano? We don't have to have the Bass Pro Shot. That had never been to the Bass Pro Shot. Somebody over there, yeah. It's a big hunting fishing store. You walk in, it's like, barren air, and air, and air. You know, people are buying guns like it's produce. Give me two of those. Give me that big one for Mama. Look at that. I kill you, Paul. Barren air, and air, and air. And deer hunting season had just started. So they had these things that look like crackfiles. So ask the guy, what's that? He goes, ask Bucklewer. I'm like, what is he goes? Ask Deer Ehrin. I'm like, what do you do? He goes, you take it. You sprinkle it on yourself. The deer smell you. He think you were deer. And that's when you get him. Like, that's bizarre. I didn't know all that went into hunting. Like, you have a golden shower before you run into the woods. It's a little, a little kicking, right? A little kicking. How do you collect deer? Is there a dude in the woods with a bucket? You know, that one looked kind of full. You know, I don't know if deer are like eyes and, you know, being in public, and I can't if you're looking. You know. But the best thing about the Bass Pro Shop is they have a giant TV monitor. And it's like two guys, and they make the, it's like a hunting TV show, right? And they have two guys, and they make this, they run it in a constant loop to show. The two guys make a little tree house up there. They got a bone arrow, and they're going to, they're going to whack some deer. But there's a lot of downtime before the deer shows up. So they're going to whisper into each other about how they're going to kill this deer. If you don't see the visual, you just hear the audio. It sounds like gay, southern porn. You know, it's like, oh, look down there. Look at the head on that. That's the big old head. That's like a 12-toner. Look at that. Sure, B still, now B still. I'm just going to pull back knives and slow, I just relax. Don't jerk it. Don't jerk it. Look at him being over by that brick. I'm a mouth him in my living room, Baron. Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron and Baron. One thing I'm really good at is making bad decisions. I'm going to give you an example. Everybody, it's gotten very sensitive. It was very sensitive now. The comedic climate, everything's very sensitive. People send emails. They get offended. They get offended. They get offended and email. They get sent. Your career is leaking in the gutter. So years ago, he used to not be like that. I mean, look, since he's human, I do alienate. I've lost a few friends. But I have one friend recently. He's not my friend anymore. But we came over. He was hungry. I make him a sandwich. I bring it out. He's like, I can't eat that. I said, well, why not? He goes because I have a gluten allergy. Well, what are the symptoms of that, exactly? He says, well, first you feel full and then you feel tired. I'm like, well, that's exactly what's post-app and when you eat bread. You're not supposed to be famished and then alert. Anyway, here's my point. So years ago, I don't feel like it used to be like that. When I was doing comedy in the city years ago, I mean, you can speak, you can speak whatever you want. You know, as somebody who's offended, they leave. I remember there was a period of time I got sick of doing my act. I wanted to do something on purpose that was offensive as it could be and just see what happens. So I started doing this character on stage and people believed it was real. It was this angry Middle Eastern comic called the Great Habibi. And I came out, my opening joke was, I hit juice. Audit juice, apple juice, grapefruit juice. Bahala, bahala, bahala, bahala, bahala. And people loved the Great Habibi. People loved the Great Habibi. People loved the Great Habibi. I did an album as the Great Habibi. I sold one copy, one copy, to a guy who lived in the Middle East, ironically enough. Some guy in the Middle East bought the one copy. So the way I would do the, you know, I committed, like I grew a beard. I mean, I did the whole, you know, I took less frequent showers, I put on extra cologne. I mean, I did the whole thing. I called Strangers, my friend. And the album cover was hilarious. It was a picture of me, like on a flying carpet. I was so offensive. You know, smoking a hookah with a camel, you know, throwing rocks that Americans say, you know, anyway. And the way I would, I would try the material that was, again, there was a deli in my neighborhood. And it was two guys from Yemen, Muhammad and Muhammad. And I love these guys. And I would run the material by them. I'd be like, you know, I hit juice. They'd be like, hilarious. It's not like that. What the hell is it? It's so do we. And one of the Muhammad's, one of the Muhammad's, I forget which one. He was a big Mr. T fan. He loved Mr. T. At Mr. T. Bobblehead, Mr. T. Posters from the 18, like, he had this whole Mr. T obsession. I remember asking him one day. I was like, what is he obsession with Mr. T? And he goes to me, he goes, Mr. T. He goes, big and black. I'm small and brown. Inside, I am him. Inside, he is me. We had this like, very, it was a beautiful little moment. You know, resonated. Maybe he had to be there. I got a tear, everything. So during this time, during this time, there was another Middle East and comic work in New York City. His closing joke was he would rip open his shirt and he had fake dynamite strap to his chest. And people would be like, and then leave, you know. It was a different time. It was a different time. So 9-11 happened. So he stopped working. You know, I think he went into banking or something. And, you know, I dial back to Greater BB a little bit, but I'm still doing it. So, a few months later, I get a call from some producer in Los Angeles. And he's like, listen, we hear you do this great, a BB thing. We want to, we're casting a show. It's a cop show. We're the Middle Eastern guy. And we think you'd be perfect. We want you to fly yourself out. And that's always a good sign when somebody says that. Yeah. Fly yourself out to Los Angeles for this meeting and everything. Everybody's going to be here. It's going to be perfect. We're going to cast you in this thing. So I'm like, oh, OK. So I have like two days to get this all together. Money's a little tight. So I have a friend named Tony Woods, hilarious comedian. And Tony has a hook up in an airline, right? So I'm like, Tony, you got that hook up at the airline? He's like, yeah, it's shorty. And I'm like, what's the guy's name? He's like, his name is Horse. I'm like, Horse. And why is he called Horse? He's like, man, you don't want to know. So I meet this guy, Horse, in the back of a bar. He comes limping in. I'm trying not to look at his leg. And Horse, he's like, I give him $200 cash. He's like, here, take this number. Use it on the way over. Take this other number. Use it on the way back. So I'm like, OK. But it seems a little dodgy, right? I'm like, all right. Next day, I fly out. Use the number. It's fine. The producer picks me up at the airport. He's like, listen, we're going directly to the meeting. He goes, I want you. These people believe that you're actually the great of BB. So I need you to be that guy in the meeting. So I'll be offensive and everything. I'm like, OK, no problem. Right? So we get to this building, right? This agency, whatever they all the agents are sitting at this table. I'm sitting around. You know, it was a big deal and everything I'm sitting there. And this one lady is the shot caller. She's the shot caller. Right? She starts grilling me, asking me questions. She's like, so, uh, BB. What country are you from exactly? I'm like, you know where it's injumped? She's like, yes. I'm like, not there. It's to the left. It's called Makhna. It's a small place. One tent. You know, open sesame. And then you go in. So everybody's laughing at the table except for this lady. So she keeps asking me more questions. You know, she's like, so, uh, are you married? I'm like, yes. I have seven wives, one for each day of the week. You know, Tuesday is my favorite. You know, I drill her like oilfield, you know, fracking, all night, fracking in the butt. Everybody's laughing at the table. This lady, not laughing. She goes, do you have children? Yes, I have my daughter. She was born in the desert sandy. Uh, my other daughter, she's a little overweight Fatima. Uh, and my son, I call him my little chickpea. But when he misbehaved, I beat him with his stick. And then I call him, hummus, you know. Hallelujah, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Everybody's laughing at this table. This lady not laughing. So she's like, uh, she's like, do you have any friends from the old country? I'm like, yes, I have one friend, but they got him shoplifting, and they chop his hand. She goes, so, well, what happened? I'm like, he lost touch. Right. I'm killing at this table. This lady's not laughing, right? So she's like, let me switch gears a minute. Now, one of the concerns here is language. Uh, one of the concerns is language. You know, if there's going to be a language barrier, are there phrases that are different? Like, your language and culturally with Arley. And I was like, yes, like, defraise camel toe, you know. In my country, it's not insult is complement. It means your vagina have the strength of 1,000 camera. She's like, uh-huh. So what would an insult be? Peter bread, was it? This means your vagina is dry like the desert. But there is a secret pocket with lots of ingredients that you only discover when you give it big taste to it. Like, in a way, say, speed up that pussy. I'm killing at this table. No one's laughing. This lady's not laughing, right? Right then, a guy comes over. He's like, would you like coffee? Would you like water? Would you like juice? I'm like, I told you I had juice, right? So while this is going on, I see in the back of the age of see all these younger agents that are going to this back room in a mass. And I'm like, well, what is going on there? And the people tell me it's tea time. I'm like, what does mean tea time? And they're like, we represent Mr. Tea. Uh, he comes here once a month. His career has been a little rocky. So he comes here. It's kind of like a pep talk thing. We have all these new agents. We have these posters here of things he's done. And he signs the posters for the new agents. And it makes him feel better. And so they're like, as a matter of fact, since you're here, would you mind getting a poster sign? Because you're a new face. I'm like, no, problem. So I stand in line. It's surreal. Mr. Tea doesn't look good. Like there's a piece of mohawk missing. You know, it looks like lower KST or something. And uh, it's so surreal. I mean, he's sitting there. And he's signing these posters. And he's giving people 80s advice. You know, he's like, stay in school. Don't be a fool. Right. Thanks, Tea. Thanks a lot, Tea. He's like, when you get rich by your mama, a house. Thanks, Tea. He gets to me. He takes one look at me. He's like, what are you? Some kind of terrorist. And I was like, no, we like to say gunchie inches. That the neighbor. He's like, ha, ha, ha, ha. You crazy. You crazy. He's like, what's your name? I was like, put it through Muhammad. So he writes, Muhammad, don't blow shit up. You can't make this up, right? I'm like, this is the best thing ever. You know? So I got a post and it says, Muhammad, don't blow shit up. I'm like, wait till Muhammad see this or Muhammad. Either one. So the next day, the next day, uh, I go to the airport. I got my number. I got my number. I check in. I get out the airlines or whatever. It lays like 437821. She's like, huh, that's strange. I don't seem to have a reservation for that number. Like, one second, let me just contact my travel agent. I'm like, horse. He's like, try 78537. I'm like, 78537. She's like, hmm. Doesn't it know? No, 78537. And he's like, 2, 3, 8, 5, 6. So I'm like, 2, 3, 8, 5, 6. And he's like, 2, 3, 8, 5, 6. And she's like, oh, wait a minute. So wait a minute. We can't take any more credit cards from a year or no. This has been purchased on a stolen credit card. You know, who's that on the phone? I'm like, horse, click. So she's like, you're going to have to pay cash for this ticket. So I got to go get cash. I pay for the ticket. It's a nightmare. So I'm waiting for the plane to board, right? And my name is DC Benny, right? That is a stage name. My real name is Ben Wartowski. Nobody knows that shit. There's an announcement from Delta Airlines. They're like, well, Ben Wartowski, please report. To the front desk of Delta Airlines. I'm like, uh, fuck that shit. I'm not going to do that. Right. Like Ben Wartowski, please report to this. I'm like, fuck that shit. I get on the plane. Lands in JFK. Everybody's about to get off. Six guys and suits get on there. Like, everybody, please sit down. We're looking for a Ben Wartowski. Please identify yourself. I'm like, fuck that shit. Right. They're like, Ben Wartowski, we know you're on this plane. We have a flight manifest with your name on it. We have a general description. We're going to go row by row until we find you. It's going to go better for you if you identify yourself right now. People are looking around. So I'm like, oh, Ben Wartowski, uh, the headphone, my ear. So they take me to this back room. They start interrogating me. They're like, where did you get this ticket? I'm like, uh, from a man named horse. They're like, a man named horse. What are you? A comedian. I'm like, actually. So while this is going on, they're going through my stuff. So the guy's got my passport. He's like, she's Ben Wartowski. You're DC Benny. The other guy unrolls the poster. He's like, are you Muhammad? And what are you going to blow up, right? So I'm like, oh, no, no. So I get on a do not fly list for a year because it is shit, right? I get on a do not I got to do local gigs every time. I'm like, I'm never going to, I'm never going to do the great HBB again. Well, a year ago, a little bit more, I get a tour in Israel, right? And I'm like, ah, this will be awesome. It'll be, it'll be, it's eight days, you know, where I don't speak Hebrew, but I make it up. And I'm like, I'm going to be a politician at, you know, it's same thing. Hello, it's kind of like, you know. So I'm there and the shows are great. It's like every night we're in a different place, you know. Every night, you know, yeah, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be. It'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be, it'll be. The last night we're in Tel Aviv. We're in Tel Aviv. We're performing there. It's been advertised everywhere. It's a big deal. There's posters, American comedians. And that day Trump announces that he is moving the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Which is a big fucking deal. I had no idea. You know, it was a big deal. So the whole place, it's like, it's like, you know, all American personnel, get the fuck out of Ezio, or take your che, and get the che on out. Get the che on out. And get the che on out. Get the che on out. Get the che. Think you're going to come this and begin there. You know. Show arma. Yeah, so. And so the mood is very tense. The mood is very tense. But the show's great that night. The next day, fly out. But there's a four hour layover in Istanbul, right? And I don't know if you guys have been in that airport. But that airport is like, it's like something from an Indiana Jones movie. I mean, it's the dude with the little hat, with the fizz thing. And then, you know, he's got the monkey. And then you. You know, it's like one tooth in the whole airport being passed around to chew stuff. You know. And they're burning Trump in effigy. Like, there's a whole, like, it's just like a not a good time to be there. Right? So I'm trying to keep a very low profile. But these four guys keep following me around. Right? And everybody got like half a soccer outfit. You know, you know, you keep following me around. So I'm trying to lose these guys. So I end up hiding in the bathroom, getting up on top of the toilet in the stall. You know, like you did in fourth grade when you were going to get your ass beat. And I'm hiding in there. And I'm like, all right, I lost them. I get out of the stall. I go to leave their blocking the door. And one of the guys comes up to me. He's like, you out of the medican? Yes. You. Out of the medican. I was like, no, I am a great, a baby. Right? That guy looked at me. He's like, I know I buy your album 15 years ago. So I signed a Schwarm or rapper. It was awesome. It was awesome. So, Mary, Mary. And we don't have kids. Yeah, for 24 years we tried to want them, but just never, you know. That's one of my favorite jokes. I don't know why. Yeah. My wife is black. I'm not. So we have, you know, there's stuff that happens. Like she has a natural skincare company, a big natural skincare company that she run. I help her run it, you know. But a lot of times I'm in situations where it's all black women and me and it gets a little awkward. Like a few weeks ago I wasn't want to sit in this lady says to me, she confronts me. She goes, are you of color? And I was like, well, I'm not really of it. I'm around it. About three, four times a week, I'm up in it. So I don't know. Another joke, not for down south. But, you know, less it is the kosher deli next door. So my wife has this skincare company. My wife's best selling product is, it has a very unfortunate name. It's called Nutmilk. And I make it. I mean, I don't, I don't, you know. I manufacture it with ingredients, you dirty bastards. I manufacture it, you know, it's a shave, but everything. But the Nutmilk, but the Nutmilk people, I'm always telling you, you should change your name. No, the Nutmilk people know, the Nutmilk people love the Nutmilk and it sells out everywhere across the country. So one day, she, there's like one jar of it in our house and she's like, listen, I've been saving this. There's a lady that's coming to buy it. She's coming from East New York. Her name is Marie. You know, she's going to be in a Subaru Outback. I don't want to come by the house because she's a little crazy. I want, I just, I want you to meet her out on the street, you know. And she's going to try and shortage $75. She's going to try and give you 40. You know, she's a little desperate. She's very ashy, you know, whatever. So one guy laughs, one guy laughs at the ashy. You know, so I'm like, all right. So I got all these instructions. So I'm out there, I'm out there waiting for the Subaru Outback. And then I see one come up. So I knock on the one, I'm like, hey, I got the Nutmilk and the lady in there is like, get the hell away from the car and pulls out a pepper spray. Right. So I'm like, ooh, you know, wrong lady. That's not a good opening. You knock on someone's going to say, hey, I got Nutmilk for your face. You know, they're going to, you're going to get pepper spray. This is what I'm trying to tell you. You got to be very selective. So after that, I'm like, I'm going to be much more selective. You know, so what do you call, so another Subaru Outback shows up. So I said, Marie, there was a lady and I thought it was her because the hands were, oh man. I never cease to dry hands, powders, dust is coming off. She looked like she was chopping cocaine and abacement for Frank Lucas or something or, you know, breach load in a musket or something. And she's like, yeah, it sits me. And so I'm like, I got the Nutmilk and I get a Nutmilk and I should have got the money first. You know, I should have got the money first. I'm a rookie at this stuff. So she gives me 45. I'm like, oh, no, she shorts me. I'm like a 75, right? So she's like, well, that's all I got. And she's like, I need it. And look at me. Look at my hands. Look at my hands. The dust is coming off. I'm like, I'm trying to think what we can do. And I've seen a back of a car. She's got these Trader Joe's bags. So I'm like, you know, I love that homestead that got over them. Like, you have any of that homestead. Does it matter? I got like six of them. Like, give me the homest. We'll call it even both. So I got the homest. She got the Nutmilk. Everything works out. Thanks, lady, for laughing. She likes the homestead. That's that Trader Joe's homest. It's underrated. So we live on this block in Brooklyn. And there is a... There's a hoarder on that block. I don't know if you guys haven't familiar with the hoarders, but there is an old lady that's a hoarder. That also... She's one of those ladies that everything is blessed. Do you know what I mean? You're like, hey, how you doing? I'm blessed. Just blessed. You know, blessed are the blessings upon the blessings with the blessings on the blessings. Like the blessings get stackable. There's more and more blessings. Which is funny to me, you know? So one day I got her mad at me. I didn't realize I said to her. She says, she goes, says, would you mind just helping me? Would you mind just helping me bring some things inside and just some other things outside? I'm just happy that there's peace. I'm like, sure. No problem. So I go in her house and bring it stuff in. I see the stuff I'm bringing out is stuff that I threw out years ago. It's like, you know, it's like LaPredia, Britannica, collection, my flip flops. I'm like, what are you doing with my flip flops? And there's cat pee everywhere. There's like a thousand cats. Yeah. I mean, it's cat pee every... So my hands are getting all cat pee-ish. I don't know how to... You know, there's pee from the cats, all my hands. And right then I get a text from... I'm like, I don't want to touch the phone with the cat pee hand. So I asked the lady, would you just read the text to me? And it's from my wife and it says... The lady reads it loud. It says that she needs me to come home now and make her a batch of hot nut milk. And the lady says, well, what is hot nut milk? And I'm like, mmm, I'm blessed. I'm blessed. My wife has a brother, older brother. You know, families, it can be a little funky. Oh, it's good. It's a older brother that's obsessed with racism, but says the most racist stuff. So we had a party, right? And we invited our friends all, shape, size, and color. Everybody came. And he kept going around a party and offending everybody, with these conversations. Trap, one of my white friends. See, white people came from the ice. That's why they don't feel cold with shorts in October. Read a comment called... He's got one of my gay friends in court. See, the gay agenda is trying to infiltrate the butt. That's what y'all do. You know, it's an everything. It's subversive. Even in the old cartoons, roadrunner was gay. That's why the coyote chasing them all over the place. Roadrunner made the disrespectful comment. And I say, hey, everybody, I'll make you out. But they censored that shit. That's why all you hear is beat, beat. See, that's how that works. You know, he's got one of my Asian friends in the court. See, eyes all squinty. It's not geneticist denial. Because he looked down, see the little dick. Oh, no. Read the final call. So he's offended everybody at this party. Everybody's offended, right? I'm like, you know, brother-in-law, you know, whatever. So he's very paranoid. So next thing he calls me, he's like, look, I had a nice time at Diswari. He made some friends. Look, I'm trying to get some refa... If you could arrange a dime bag, a nickel bag, something of this... Like this old school amount of weed. You know, so I got to go on a weed quest. I know there's a little bodega in the neighborhood that I think is a front. Because there's no merchandise. You had a constant stream of customers, you know. It's like an old ass can of goyabins in a window box of cornflakes still has Bruce Jenner with a javelin on it. You know, you walk inside, there's a picture of Manudo on the wall with the eyes cut out. You know, please have cockfights in the back with the chickens not like, I want whatever. So I go in there. I buy this thing, it comes in a clear plastic tube. It's got a picture of a guy in a wheelchair on it and it's called the crippler. And I ask the guy, I'm like, is this really strong? The guy's like, just roll, just roll. I'm like, okay, the roll, roll. So I call my brother-in-law. And I'm like, hey, I got the... And he's very paranoid. He's like, oh, and he hangs up the phone. So he calls back, he's speaking in code. He's like, did you get the contract? I'm like, the contract, did you get the contract? I'm like, the contract, yes, I got the contract. How many pages was the contract? I was like, 50 pages. I told you a five, what, 10 page contract? I'm like a five or 10 page contract and I have seeds and stems and it, God damn it, you know, hangs up the phone. FBI is going to move in at any minute. So he calls me back. He's like, meet me at the promenade at midnight. I've never been there to promenade. It's a big peer overlooks the East River. So I go out there at midnight and I don't even recognize him. He's got a disguise. He's got a trench coat on. He's got a fedora. He looks like McGruff taking a bite out of crime. He's making a fake phone call at the last phone booth in Brooklyn. I'm walking over and stuff was wrong because he's like black hawk down, VC in the bush, principal in office, crack a on the cheese, slipping a fly, but board mission, muting me on the bounty. What are you talking about? It's like, meet me in the diner in 10 minutes. So I got a 10 minute. So I wait 10 minutes. I go into the diner. It's midnight. There's no one really in there. I go sit down at the booth next to me, puts on this production of how he doesn't know me. Coffee for this gentleman. I've never seen before. Rest your feet, wear his stranger. And then he slides this napkin over and something's written on it. It says 5-0 at the cash register. And I look, there's a 70 year old security guard buying a cup of coffee. I'm like, that guy's not a cop. God damn it. He eats the napkin. He's yelling at me. Well the fuck are you ruining the cop? I'm like, I quit. And I don't want to work for this company anymore. Take your POT. So I leave. So apparently, this stuff was very strong, much stronger than whatever he was used to. Because like two days later, I get this call. And it's the code again. He's like, uh, it's me. The flight to Jamaica. I've been circling the airport for the last 10 hours. When's the plane going land? When the plane going land? I'm like, what? There was a jalapeno in the canola. You understand? I'm like, what? The train went express. Now I'm in the Bronx. Everybody's speaking Spanish. You understand? The hot tub water was dirty. And now when I pee, it stinks. I'm like, what are you talking about? It's like, I smoked a contract every page. Now I can't feel my legs. I'm like, dude, I don't understand. He's like, you know what? I tell you what it is. This is because you're Jewish. That's what it is. See, the Jews, what they do is they miscommunicate. You miscommunicated the potency. That's what Jews do. And that's how circumcision got invented. It was a miscommunication of agriculture vice from God, Moses. God said, tell them if they want them to grow. They must chop the tops off the crops. Moses said, chop the tops off the... And that's what happened. That's how it went down. I'll tell you, there's people wanting to know what comedians think about. And you know, like, what do we think about during the day? For me, for... It does not make any sense. But when I get stressed out, I think about pigeons. I just think about pigeons, right? I just think about the people who asked them in different scenarios. You know, like, you never see... I feel like the pigeon is a disrespected bird. You know, every other bird's got a nature special or something like that. You never see a pigeon nature special narrated by some guy from Brooklyn. You know, a pigeon is a beautiful bird. Notifoliage, it's like blue and gray with dirt. You know, so we can blend with the filth. A pigeon... He's originally from Brooklyn. People don't know that. But if you look at him, you can see because he's all built up top. And he's got the skinny little fucking legs. Like, everybody, you know, working out at the gym over here. A pigeon... He don't eat regular food. He, like, cigarette butts, chicken wings. He don't care. Oh, mostly carbs. A pigeon... A pigeon, you know, he don't fly too far. I mean, he's fucking fat. Look at him. Boom. Three feet into the puddle over there. The pigeon has low self-esteem. This is why he's always nodding. He's going like this. He can try to psych himself up. You can fly you fat bastard. You can know. Anyway, that's what goes on in my head. Think about pigeons. My wife... My wife, you know, deals with real animals. Where she does... She, uh... She... Fosters animals, like, so bring these animals off the street, you know. And she doesn't tell me, like, I'll get home from doing shows. It's good to know if there's a pit bull in the bedroom. You know? Open the door, it's all dark ahead. What's that? It's bitey. Huh. Fantastic. New addition to the family. So, uh... We end up adopting. We end up keeping this one dog, right? And I love the dog. I start getting really close to the dog, you know? And then the dog develops tongue cancer. I don't know how that happens. I guess that's... Yeah, it's a sad... Maybe years upon years of lick and ear own balls. I don't know how it happens, right? So, we got to take them to the vet. The vet removes part of the tongue. Now, we barks with, like, a list, you know? He's like, like, a mitis and bark. And then you're barking, barking, and then every physical sport. Barking. Barking. And then that... He's this big dog. He's got this little bark, all the other dogs. You just fucks going on over here. And then that is... So, consequently, because of the, uh... Operation, his Salivary Glans have been compromised. He can't digest regular dog food. So, my wife cooks for him. He gets his steam broccoli and chicken. And then when she goes, Wait, she cooks for me. So, there'll be, like, a little Tupperware thing for him. And then a little one for me. Well, one... What does she... She goes away and they got mixed up. And I eat his stuff. And I'm like, this is horrible. He ate mine. And he's like, delicious! Delicious! You think the boy is... Barking is a very physical sport, you know? So... But it was Mexican food that she had made. So, about midnight... I'm in the bed chilling and I see the dog do something I've never seen him do before. He's scootin' his ass on the carpet. You ever see that? Like, ahh! Just back and forth. Like a racetrack, you know? Just... And I'm just watching it. You know, it's like Wimbleton, you know? Like, wow, look at that. Oh, there he goes again. I'm like, what's going on? Then he pulls up to the bedroom door and he starts looking. And he's panting. He's like, ahh! I'm like, you gotta go. So, I let him out of the way. But he books it elevator, he pushes the button, you know? We get downstairs like, he doesn't even make it outside. It's like, it's huge. It's like a map of Italy. There's a boot, you know? It's coming. And I got the little bag, you know? I'm trying to do the math. Like, two trains leave at midnight. How do I clean up this? And some lady from the building's like, you've been like, I'm like, lady, I need a forklift and a snow shovel. You know? Why don't we mugiver a contractor bag and make a little, you know? You know, doggy depends or something. But it was kind of funny to me. But when you laugh at that stuff, carmically it comes back to you. So, I'm in Brooklyn. I'm walking in Prospect Park one day. It's a beautiful day, about 70 degrees. Kind of a cool day. And I'm a little hungry and there's a falafel stand. So I'm like, ahh! Yeah, I was just grinding. Yeah, dude's got all his fingers. It'll be fine. You know? That's my criteria. You know? So, he's like, you want to eat one day? You want to eat one of the hot sauce? I'm like, put the hot sauce. He's like, you want to eat one of the white sauce? I'm like, put the whizzer. And put the white sauce. What a white sauce must have been sitting in the sun. Because about a half hour later, my stomach. You know, it's like that satanic. I heard his heart's hers hers. What is that? And then it's like your ass sends the rest of your body of text. Like, you know those plans you have this afternoon, you're going to be rescheduling. That's what's going down. I got middle Eastern music coming out of my ass. Mahalimahalimahana. Mahalimahalimahana. Mahalimahalimahana. Mahalimahalimahana. Wahalimahana. It's itching like there's a spider and a wool turtle neck break dancing or something back there. I'm like, oh, I got a shit. So I start to run. But you can't let the ass shake separate. You got to keep them locked together. So I'm like hobbling. I'm hobbling along and I'm getting religious. I'm like, please. Anything. I open a homeless shelter. I'll do whatever. Please. My stomach's like, I get to the bathroom. It's out of order. I'm like, no. You know, and everything's reminding me of it. There's a kid on the corner beatboxing. You know, music's coming out of the door. Do do do do do do do do. Is a homeless guy talking to himself, this fellow, this little shit. This fellow, this shit. I'm like, ow. Quiet. Some lady comes up, could you take a picture of me and my daughter? I'm like, it's not a good time. They make a picture of me. My stomach's like going to fuck out of your arm. Terrified this poor woman. So now I'm like, I'm 52. I don't want to shoot a child. I'm like, why the fuck? I'm like, no, I'm going to shoot a child. I'm like, oh, I'm about to shoot a child. I'm like, I'm going to shoot a child, I'm going to shoot a child. I'm like, I'm going to shoot a child. I'm like, I'm going to shoot a child. I'm terrified this poor woman. So now I'm like, I'm 52. I don't want to shit my pants. What am I going to do? I'm like, you know what? I'm just going to hop in these woods. There's a tree that's fallen. That's where I'm going to do. I'm going to knock it out. You know, nobody's going to know. And it stays in this room, by the way. It's got to stay in this room. Cut the cameras off. So I'm squatting there. And every time I'm about to wrap it. You know, I'm squatting. I'm like, God, this is horrible. And I look over on the other side of the tree. It's fall. There's another dude squatting. I'm like, what are the chances that we both ate at this same falloffo stand? So I kind of give him that look of solidarity. That dude looks over me and smiles. I'm like, why is he smiling? Another head pops up from behind the log. I'm like, oh, that's why people hate New York City. You think you're in a park having a family picnic? Three feet away. Someone's having an explosive diarrhea. Someone's getting blown. It's like a Bermuda triangle dysfunction. So I'm trying to finish it. You know, I'm remembering all boys' scouts stuff, three leaves in Chinese. Don't wipe the high. You know. And a bike cop comes up. It's the most embarrassing moment of my life. He's like, did you do that? I'm making stuff up like, no, it was a giant squirrel with a cup of coffee and a brand muffin. He went that way. If you pedal really fast, you could catch him. He's like, I should arrest you. I'm going to give you a tap. I'm like, arrest me. What are you going to put me on the handlebars, man? You know, it's allergy season. You better hope I don't sneeze or it's going to be officer down. Officer down. That guy looks at me and goes, I just got one question for you. He's like, what were you thinking? And I was like, that the pigeon is a beautiful bird. So I grew up in a kind of a crazy house. You know, dad, Jewish, mother, German. The un-Jewishest of the... And they were both artists. They were both artists and they used to... And they would argue a lot. They'd argue a lot. And my mom would get mad at my dad. She'd lock herself in a room play. German marching music. That was my family. I was like, I ain't scared. I ain't scared. My dad's beating on the door. You're like, you're dead. You're getting it. So I really had no choice but to go into comedy. The story gets a little darker. So my mom, you know, being German, she had a lot of beefs with people in the neighborhood. There would be like, you know, these beefs that... And, you know, there was a lady across the street, one of our neighbors, named Tina. And Tina, she always, you know, she was always fighting with Tina. And, you know, it was pretty even. It was pretty even at first. But then my mother got Alzheimer's. And, you know, it was very sad for us and everything. She started losing. And Tina would still take shots at her. You know, Tina. And so I started doing comedy and everything. And one day my mom's there and she's kind of like, and Tina comes over and she goes to me. She goes, I wonder where you get... I hear you're doing comedy. I wonder where you get your sense of humor from. Probably your crazy mother, right? And I see my mom like, and walks off, right? Because think about Alzheimer's. You'll have a little recognition. Once in a while, you get a little flashback, right? So I see my mom. Tina was scared of bugs. She had a phobia of bugs. And in DC, they had these cicadas that would leave these shells on the trees. These like translucent shells. So I see my mom walk over and grab one of the... grab one of the shells and go over to Tina. She's like, Tina, I got something for you, right? She opens her hand. Tina is terrified. But she won't show it. She won't show it. She's like, Karen, I'm not scared of that. She's like, it's just a shell. And my mom's like, that's right. It's empty like you. And crushed it, right? And Tina just had a miscarriage. So it added a little extra... Yeah, that's how we roll. That's a very German. Very German. I'm scratch. So my mother passes away and it's very sad for us. It's about seven, eight years ago. Seven, eight years ago. And you know, very sad. It's very sad. You know, and one thing she... One thing that she had was this hot sauce recipe. That everybody loved it. She used to bake it at all the parties. And it was the hottest thing you ever ate. I mean, I never experienced anything so hot. It was like, oh, the scotch bonnet peppers. The jalapeno everything. She would chop it up and everything. And she never gave anybody the recipe. It was delicious. Before she died, she left the recipe for me. She wrote it down. And so we were having a memorial at my father's house. We're having a memorial. And we were all very sad. And I'm like, you know what? I'm going to make that pepper sauce for everybody. So I get all the peppers. I'm chopping it up and looking at the recipe and everything. And this stuff is so hot. You know, it's like... You know, it's coming off. And I'm chopping up the peppers. And finally, my dad's like, look, just take a break. Go to the liquor store, get some vodka. We're going to blow this out. Right? So I'm like, all right. So I go pee. I'm driving to the liquor store. All of a sudden, I realize my dick is on fire. And I can't figure out why. It's because I touched it with the pepper hands. So by the time I get to the liquor store, I got tears coming. I got snot. I'm crying. You know, the Korean guy's like, oh, you don't look 20% off. Right? I'm driving home. Like, it keeps getting worse and worse. And worse. I'm like, I'm not going to make it. I'm going to die. I'm going to crash this car. And I'm like, I got to calm down. I got to think of what to do. And the thing is, you know, whenever you... It had been in a bad situation, you got to think about when were you in a similar situation? And what did you do to get out of it? And I remember once I went to an Indian restaurant and I had this hot sauce called Vindaloo. It was the hottest thing I ever ate. And it was so hot, I hallucinated. There was one waiter. I saw three of them. You know, are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Right? And I'm like, ah! And the guy's like, drink it. There's mango lasi. Drink it. A mango lasi. Right? And he hands me this giant white drink. I'm like, what's that? He's like, he's a yogurt. He's a cool, the daddy going to cool the inside. Drink it. A mango lasi. Right? It's a mango lasi. So I drink it immediately. It cooled the pepper. Right? It was amazing. Right? So I'm driving along. I'm like, mango lasi. Mango lasi. What got in there? You know, I get home. All the people are milling around. I'm like, mango lasi. Mango lasi. I get to the refrigerator. Open it. There's a giant vat of Stonyfield yogurt with the strawberry in the bottom. I grab that thing. I go into the bathroom. I jam my dick into this yogurt. I am fucking this yogurt. I'm balls deep. The tip is in the strawberry. I'm like, mango lasi. Mango lasi. And it feels so good. It's probably illegal. You know, it should be. But it feels so good. And I'm like, and I'm, you know, it's just crazy because I'm like, I'm crying because my mother's died. You know, I'm like, and I'm laughing because it's so ridiculous. I'm like, mango lasi. And I'm fucking this yogurt. And I turn around and the bathroom door did not close properly. And Tina is standing there with a child. Right? And the kid, the kid's looking right at me. And he goes to Tina. He goes, what is that man doing to that yogurt? And she leans over and says, people grieve in different ways. I'm DC Benny, everybody. I hope you enjoyed this show. Thank you, brokerage. Thank you, Long Island, for having me here. Miss you, mom. Good night, guys. Take care. Cheers. You You
Yeah, I started from Brooklyn. I just came from my cousin's house, man. And he lives in the projects, man. We all got cousins who live in the projects, man. We hate going there, don't we? You know, brother lives on the 20th floor. And why is it, when you go to the projects, the intercom never works. It's always broken. You know, like you ring the bell, he comes to the window. Oh, it's it! Yo! Yo! He rang the bell! Yo, come inside! Red, the door's broken! You know, the door's always broken, and it goes inside, and it like roaches crawl all over the place. You know, you ever see a roach in a wall, and the road sees you, so he doesn't move either stands, and like, this, like, uh, he can't see me. I'm gonna stand real still. I'm ninja roach. You know, and the whole family was over there. It was like a big dinner, you know? And then we were sitting down eating, and there was like roaches crawling on the ceiling, and on the walls, and up on everybody. And nobody said nothing. You know, we just kept talking, like, we didn't see the roaches, you know, like, mm-hmm. Yeah, all right, man. It's self-impact. Yeah, man. You know, only person complaining was that cousin from out of town, like, what the fuck? What's going on in here? Ugh! Why isn't anybody saying anything? Why isn't everybody looking at us? Let's see what's happening. Let's go. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Give me the vassaline. Give me the armakicka ass. Armakicka ass. She did not call me a bitch. She did not see that. Did she? Go and hold her! Hold her! I can't. I'll hold my earrings. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! You don't lose that. Let the bitch go. Come here. You don't call a bitch. You know what? Then the titty pops out like... Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! You're not going to be the instigating to fight. She calls you a bitch too. Where'd she go? Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! And women, women will always fight other girls, but a girl will never help her boyfriend fight. You ever see a guy getting beat up? His girlfriend's always at the side going, stop it. Stop it! Ah! Ah! Ah! Leave me alone! Leave me alone! Leave me alone! Stop! Leave me alone! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Stop! Somebody help him! You know he's going to want you help me. I gave my ass me for you. I gave my ass me for you.
this before. It is drunk. This goodbye gives me tears not by feeling like I was reading K ophy's lies. This is such a big night for you. But I'm celebrating. I finally just slept with my high school crush. Right? Thank you. But I swear now he like expects me to go to his graduation. Like, I know where I'm going to be in three years, right? I'm like, whoa. So it's down. Fucking kids, right? Fucking. You look like upset. Like, I don't fuck kids. That's a joke. Like, I would never. I shouldn't say never. That's like, you don't know. I feel like I just painted myself in a corner there. But it's not a good way to start. This is a beautiful theater. I should have started off with something other than kid fucking. You guys are right. Start over. Class it up. My mom's a cunt. Hear me out. I know, like, not everyone's comfortable with that word. Half of you are like, oh, right. No, don't say that. And the other half of you are like, oh, my God, what a coincidence. I brought her to a soccer game because I wanted to show her what boundaries look like, you know? I was like, look. She's like, I don't see him. I'm like, I know. I know. Stop calling my friends. How about that? She's always bragging about the dumbest stuff. The other day she was telling me, she's like, you know, I can still fit in my wedding dress. I was like, oh, my God. Who cares, right? I mean, it is weird that she's the same size now as she was when she was eight months pregnant, but I just... I don't think bragging is cool. A little about me. I took Plan B about 10 days ago. Thank you. Oh, my God, you guys. It's the only clap if you mean it. I did. You know what it is? There's some people here. It's the morning after pill. I take it the night before because I'm smart. But some people like to... I'm with you good people. I believe birth begins at conception. So I just like, beat that shit. Plan B is all. Who's taking it? Who's taking it? Thank you. Oh, sorry. Room of heroes. Everyone's like... Oh, I did. I took it. It's over. I went to my normal pharmacy. I walk in. Pharmacist is like, hey, I'm like, please don't call me a nickname. He's like, what do you want, Ambien? I'm like, no, I'm not addicted to that. You guys know that. I only take that when I'm drinking. They're like, what do you want? I was like, Plan B. And they were like, they didn't even hide it. They're like, ew, you whore. I was like... Yeah, you can't say that. They're like, you're going to feel nauseous. I was like, oh, I took it. I felt fine. I went to yoga. I'm like, can these people tell I'm like mid-abortion right now? This is... This is not good. It was easy. They should call it Plan A. That's how I used to. That's a great plan. Let's start with this one. I don't think that's like adorable that I just took Plan B. I'm 31. That's not cute at all. That's cute when you're like, you're like 21. You go, you sit on your mom's bed, you cry, and you're like, oh, the condom broke. I'm like, the what broke? I do. I still think I'm 20. It's so gross. Every bar I go to, I show my ID. They're like, no, that's okay. They're really relaxed here. I hope they don't get rated at this place. I don't know. But the girls I grew up with, they're living normal adult lives. So they call me now and they're like, hey, I'm pregnant. And I still react like, what are you going to do? I'm like, I'll drive you, I guess. That's my favorite reality show. You know, Shotsin mom. Or if you're from the south, mom. They don't wait, right? This is poor planning on my part. I'm kind of dizzy. I donated blood today. That's what I call getting an AIDS test. I know. People hate that joke. They have AIDS. So if you didn't laugh, get tested. Check it out. I went through a breakup this year, this guy. I walked in on him masturbating. Yeah, he's like, are you mad? I'm like, no, but you seem to be holy shit. I'm like, does it owe you money? Why are you... He's in this guy. We were so different. I knew he was like really into family, you know, and I mentioned my mom. He'd never come on the road with me on the weekends, because he wanted to spend time with his wife. And I just... I'm better. No, the truth is I thought he was going to bring up with me the whole time for the lamest reason, because I wouldn't swallow. But I have a not allergy. Like, what did he expect? Stop telling us it's good for our skin. Fuck you guys. What girl is like, oh, okay. Guys are so gross, right? Guys are gross. You're gross, okay? They're so gross. I had sex with a guy recently, more semen than you've ever seen in your life. I was like, did you just get out of jail? What's... What is the meaning of this? It's a compliment. No. But that's what guys want, because they're so gross. If it were up to them, we'd all look like Carrie and the prom scene at the end. Just... No girl wants that. We don't want that. We're lazier than you. If it were up to me, the cleanup would be me taking a Q-tip, going, boop, a sleep. That's it. Instead, I was like, I've been slimed. Well, I like to watch porn. Like, what girls in here like porn? Thank you. I love it. All the whores are in the front. This is the best. I don't like to watch the end of porn. I don't like to watch the end of any porn, because guess what happens at the end of the rainbow every time? Spoiler alert. He comes at her face. Oh! What an amazing choose your own adventure. That always ends exactly the same. There's never a twist, right? He's never like the guys having sex with her. He looks off camera in her backpack. He's like, oh, are you reading that Nicholas Barx book, too? Oh my god. What are the chances? Let's start a bed and breakfast together. No. He just comes on her head. We don't want to see that. I don't want, because we think about that girl, like that poor girl. And we know, as soon as the director yells cut, that she's just stumbling around like Helen Keller looking for a towel. Just wear. Did you guys go to lunch? This isn't cool. You promised this is good for my skin. So the guy I was dating, he was like so lazy. He was one of those dudes. He wouldn't go down on me. I had to become a climber every time. Head up there, just holding onto the headboard, like a nosy neighbor peaking over the fence. I felt like Wilson from Home Improvement. I'm like, hey! Tool man, what? It is embarrassing up there. I wanted to date with a guy recently. He's like really hot, so I was pretending to be a good person. I was saying things like, I love kids, and I'm not racist. It's vague lies. And he's like pretend like you want to use a condom. I like to say something fun when I bring it up. But honest, I'll be like, you're going to want to wear this. I've had a busy month. It's like a petri dish right now. I don't know what's happening. But this guy we went out, and he was like, you can tell when a guy dates a lot. He had like date questions. He was like, if you could have lunch with anybody living or dead, who would it be? I thought about it. I answered honestly. I was like, Mark Twain. I think he was hilarious. And he goes, Amy, it's got to be somebody real. And he's like, oh, you're legit retarded. That's so cute. I'm going to sleep with a retarded person. I did. So I've been on the road a lot lately. And every town I go to, you have to do like local press. And they all ask the same questions every week. They ask me the same exact question. They're just like, what's the hardest part about being a female comedian? What is it? What's the hardest part? I'm like, what would you guess? Well, it's the rape. No, but they ask, they're just like, and I guess it's a normal question. Is it harder for female comics as a harder? And it's not. Like they think we just get up here and just bleed all over the stage. Oh, my ovary is how do I keep him in my body? I think it's totally not harder. It's harder to be a chick in general, for sure. That sucks. That's not fun. Right? Right, girls? No, it is. It sucks. Just in terms of laziness. Like, look at the guys you're here with tonight. Okay. Some of them bangable. Not all of them. Let's be real. Let's keep it honest. Okay. But like, what did you do to get ready? You know, like, how long did it take you to get ready? You didn't get ready is the answer. Men don't... They put on a shirt. They give themselves one of these in the mirror. They're out. That's it. And look at the shirts you guys are wearing. Every one of you that I can see, you could have worn that when you were a toddler on picture day. Everyone. No difference. Check it out. But look at the beautiful girls you're with. Look at it so much work for us. It takes me 90 minutes to look this mediocre. 90 minutes. We are circus freaks women. We are. We put paint on our faces like warriors. We were... I'm wearing stilts. We wear stilts. We wear heels all night. And we put a string in our buttholes. Just... Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Huh. Am I pretty? Huh. We were jewelry. Shini should look over here. Follow me to the altar. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. I think as a woman as you get older, you get lazier just by looking around. No. I just... I work in Vegas a lot. That doesn't sound awesome. But I do stand up in Vegas a lot. And I see these packs of young girls that still have the energy, you know, just a pack of girls. And I see these packs of young girls wearing tube dresses, right? And just the heels. They can't handle. They have to hold each other and do like Wizard of Oz walk, chain gang kind of... They all look identical. Looks like a horror computer just shot out a prototype and they just started walking. Tonight, tonight's the night, you guys. I like seeing them at the end of the night, you know, like it didn't work out. They're carrying their heels. They're crying their makeup off. It looks like they're melting. Why didn't anyone pick me? You have puke on your tube, Amber. It's all work. It's work having a vagina. That's work. Guys don't think that it's work, but it is. You think it just shows up like that to the event? It doesn't... Every night, it's like getting it ready for its first quince in-year-a. Believe me. It's a lot of work. It didn't used to be work. I know that from watching Vintage porn. It was no work. Zero. I even... I remember my mom bottomless when I was a kid. And it was just... BOOM! It looked like the black smoke monster from Lost was just following her. It's like... It's mom being swarmed by bees, what is? And then something happened. I don't know. Like 10, 15 years ago, all the dudes got together and had like a meeting. Like a fantasy football draft about our privates. They were like, we can't get in there. It's like being a nom, trying to... What do we do? And then they just came to us and they were just like, ladies, would you mind looking like babies again? And we were like, uh... Like, what do you mean? Just clean up the sides a little bit. Or the whole enchilada. And we're like, yeah, that's not super weird. Uh... So now we go. We get it done. We have to go get it done. Uh, yeah. Like that's... We go and get it done, guys. Like it doesn't just happen. I don't care how cool your girl is. She doesn't have like, alopecia of the crotch. It just falls out. And the shape of your initials. That's not what happens. That's not how it goes down. You know, we get it done. We have to go see a woman, usually from a third world country. It's never from like... Like, it's never me that comes and gets you from the waiting room. Like, I'll never be like, hi, I'm Ashley. I'm here to take care of your pussy. Like, no. That's not how it goes. Like, the chick who does it to me in New York, I think she's from like the killing fields of Cambodia. Like this poor woman, I can tell. Like, she has seen some shit, you know? She has been through it and she was like a doctor there. And now she does this and she hates me. And she's even hiding it. I walk in. She's like, ugh, I'm sorry. But she should. She should hate me because I'm like, we're the worst, white and tidal girls. I walk in chewing gum. My phone was like... I'm like, don't get any wax on my new eggs. What? She's like, my parents were murdered in front of me. I'm like, I'm on the phone. But she wins. Like, those chicks win every time. Because what they do, and I always forget this, they go, she goes and gets a mirror. And she shows it to me. She shows me my own vagina. And I have to act like I'm not horrified. And I'm horrified. It's the worst thing in the world. And what she's saying in that moment is, are you happy now? You dumb bitch. You just paid me to assault you. And now you look like a toddler. Is that what? Is that cool? Yeah? It's not cool. It's the worst thing you'll ever see in your life. It's red. It looks angry. It looks like an old man frowning. Just, no. Visit me. It's so much work. I think guys have it easier. I'm not sure. What do you guys think? Yeah? You do. Did you ever see an uncircumcized penis? You did. Did you know? Did you know you were going to see it? No. It's always a fucking surprise party, right? It's a big, it's him, right? It's him. Wait, here's the funniest thing. I'm sorry that everyone knows about your penis now, but here's the best part. He's wearing a shirt that says brown coats. Nobody ever tells you, right? He didn't tell you. They don't tell you shit. They're just like, boom, reunited with Snuffle Opagus. Enjoy. Enjoy. You guys are so cute. Why don't they tell us? Tell me. We have to become award-winning actresses. Like, oh, no, that's totally cool. Mom, can you come pick me up? I don't know. It's wearing like a hat or like a cape. Like a brown coat type thing. Why don't they tell us? I would tell you, if I had an extra flap over my clitoris, I'd give you a heads up. I would. I'd be like, you're going to encounter a wizard. Keep going. Take this compass. I'd make it exciting. I'd play the music from Zelda. Be great. I hooked up with a guy one time that had no testicles. Count them. Zero testicolo. You think he brought that up a dinner? Because he didn't. I got to find out in real time. It was dark in the room. Let me paint the romantic picture here. And I went right to the spot. I know them to always be. No GPS necessary. I picked up the main event. And I felt like a girl learning braille. I just kept. And like, we don't. Girls don't care about your balls. No one care. I would never call my sister the morning after the night. But this guy is balls. No. But when they're not there, you miss them. They're like grandparents. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. Thank you. The way I saw an uncircumcised penis, I met this guy at a bar. He was French. I should have known. But I didn't know he was French. I thought we were just wasted and faking the accent. It makes my vagina shut. I mean, thank God for that other hole. But my butthole. Oh, you knew. So I went home with this French guy because he said something adorable. I have an apartment. So we're making out. He's very sensual. He started to pick me up. He realized he was in over his head. I got planted back down. It's hard to feel sexy when a dude's winded from trying to hoist you. He's like legs are shaking. I tried to land cute like a gymnast. No, but I do. I know I have a body type. I know I'm a base. I get right down. I'm not hoist me up on top. I want to fly. I know my body type. I usually say, hey, no thanks. I'm like, hey. When I do get hit on, this guy came up to me. And he was from Texas or somewhere I'm not going. And he comes over and he's like, hey, I'll lock you. You're sturdy. I'm sorry. He's like, you look like you could take a punch. I'm like, oh. Don't I feel like the bell of the ball. I'm making out with Frenchinator. He gave up right away because he's French, I guess. Oh, my God. Thank you. He pulled his dick out immediately. He must have been thinking, she's the one. And I'm looking at it. I'm just like, what? What is that? Are we having a pillow fight? Why is the gnome from Travelocity in your underpants? But you guys are sensitive too. I couldn't do what I was thinking. I was like, ah, run down the five stories of his walk-up. I had to be a team player and be like, all right, here we go. Just fighting through the skin, trying to find his actual... I felt like I'm agissioned with the scarves. I'm just making sure I'm the best looking one of my friends. It's really easy. I cut certain people out of my life. And I now hand select strangers off of Facebook. And surround myself with real trolls and reptiles. You should see these monsters. I had a friend Nikki, she kept losing weight. I took her out of my phone. Fuck her, I'm sorry. But there's one check I've been friends with forever. Her name's Sabina. She's gorgeous. And of course she is with the name Sabina. What a white annoying name, right? You have to be so hot to pull off names like that. Sabina Priscilla. You can't have a bummy and a lazy eye and be like, I'm Sabina! It's nice try. We're going to call you Birth of Bitch. But that was cute. That was cute. Guys go crazy over her. I never get hit on like that. The only time I get hit on is last call at the bar. Right? That's when I shine. I'm telling you, what a weird time of night, right? The lights go on. Just feels real rabie all of a sudden. Post-apocalyptic. Something happens to the men. They're just like, I need a woman. Like they all just start pacing like gorillas. The eyes widen. It looks like they can only see by heat. They're like what? Predator. I see some dude in a full blackout just walking at me. Like a zombie just pointing at his own dick. Like here. I'm like, I'll get us a cab. I know I make it sound like I'm so slutty up here. But I've only been with four people. That was a weird night. That's my business. It doesn't matter what you do, ladies. Everybody's going to leave you for an Asian woman. And you know that. That's right. I'm saying it in San Francisco. In the hotbed. In the hotbed. I get it. I can't compete with an Asian chick. I can't. They're better. I've been thinking about this. I did the math. I know that's their thing. But I did it. I've been thinking about it. I can't win. How can I compete with an Asian chick? They're smarter. They have naturally silky hair. This Jew denial took me like 40 minutes. They laugh like this because they know men hate when women speak. They're better. They're just better. And how do they bring it on home for the win? Oh, the smallest vagina's in the game. I can't compete with that. What do I have? What am I? I've got a BA in theater and HPV. No one's buying my stock. I am plummeting. I'm going to black, guys. That's what I'm trying to do. That's what I'm doing. Yeah. I can't believe I've never done it. I'm built for it. It seems weird. I haven't. Gotta go for the black guy. Have you ever? Black guy. Yeah. She's like, uh, yeah. She's like, yeah, look at my shirt. Look at my shirt. You know I fag black guys. How cute are you? You're so cute. You're hot. I'm not gay. I've caught a finger, but you get what I'm saying. Black guys are the future. Some chicks are scared. You know what they say. Once you go black, your parents don't talk to you anymore. Something like that. I don't know. Something like that effect. But no, this dude comes up to me. This black guy. And he was into it because it's come on. And he walks over and he's like, I'm Derek. And I was like, Derek. He was like, Derek. And he had on like a nice shirt. And he had like a job. And I was like, no. I want a brother. If I'm going to do it, I want to really do it. You know, not Derek. I want him to like not even have a name. Just like nicknames. Everyone's like, pooky. He's like, what's up? No job. We need like a ton of lube, but just like for his elbows. You know what I'm talking about? Oh, that was insanely racist. You're right. You're right. I love joking about race. It's like my favorite. I was talking about this the other day. I was hanging out literally all my black friend. And... And I remember I was like, to Mende, or whatever. To tap a street. It's something wild. You know. It's something crazy. I mean, that's why they need Google in the delivery room, I think. Right? It's everywhere else. Why not there? Right? So when her mom was like, I'm going to name you to Mimbo. Google would show up and say, did you mean Jennifer? Yeah. To Mende. So I'm hanging out with tapioca and... ...tempoir or something. And what was she saying? She was like, girl, like I won't do some racist impression. So don't worry. But she was like, girl. I mean, we were like mid-double Dutch. And I'm just like, stop yelling. We're not at the movies. Thank you. Thank you. I'm glad you guys laughed at that. That does not always work. I'll be honest with you. I mean, nothing works 100% of the time. Right? Except Mexicans. I've noticed. That's the one. Boo. Right? The Mexicans. I hear you guys are... ...reaching to the choir. So, I'll ask you guys, what do you guys think? Four against every night? Okay. I've dealt with two kinds of guys when it comes to my personal asshole. There's a kind of guy that never acknowledges it. Right? Like the whole time we're together, just never. Which is awesome because who needs the extra maintenance? Can I get a what, what, ladies? Thanks, sister friends. That guy's awesome, right? You know what you're getting with that guy. And then there's the other kind of guy who goes for it immediately. Like you're not even fully kissing yet. He's trying to grab you like a bowling ball. He's just like, no! He's like, you said you like Jeff Dunham. You're like, no! Oh! You can't trust those guys. All right? So I was dating the first kind of guy. No ass play. Like the sex was very vanilla. There was no funny business. No dirty talk. If I sent him a naughty photo, he would just write back, thanks. Like I sent him a fax. He needed. I think I had forwarded him an e-vite. So we were together for like years. And one night out of nowhere, we're at dinner. And he's like, I'd like to talk about something. I'd like to talk about ass play. And I'm like, is that a Broadway show? That show sounds awesome. Let's go see that show. And he's like, no, ass play. And as I'm asking him questions, I realize he hasn't thought it through at all. I was just like, do you mean on you or me? And he was like, oh, I was like, oh Jesus, no! This is not a brainstorm sash here. Your PowerPoint buddy. So that night I was like, I'm going to call him on his bluff. I don't usually joke around in the bedroom, but I was like, fuck this guy. So, like this jv player is going to get it from me. So we're like making out. And I'm just like, where's all the ass play? And like a frightened child. He goes, tonight? And I'm like, uh-huh. And he can't think of what he goes, well, did you shower? Said I'm not going to answer that because I'm not a homeless woman. I'm just some schizophrenic with a cart like, wash me! So we can't think of any other way to stall. So this is what he does. Okay, this is my asshole. This is his finger. He goes like this. And he holds it there. Like he was checking it for a pulse. Like he felt a groundhog might pop out and he'd have to whack him all it. And then I fist him like you look in the brain. He's dead. Oh, God, you guys are awesome. I seriously, sometimes that goes so awkward during a set. I just want to like tap out. I've had this image. Not like a wrestling tap out, but just sort of soft chew out of the room. In an awkward situation, like, why can't we do that? I was working at this club and I walked in the first night and I realized that this club there was a bathroom attendant. Have you ever been like, oh, dope, a bathroom attendant works here? No, you're like, oh, it's awkward. They hate you. You're just like, oh, please. Like, it's unnecessary. Are you ever peeing like, how am I going to leave here without a starburst? I don't like going without somebody listening. No. I go in the bathroom the first night and the bathroom attendant stops me at the door. And she's like, oh, they're all full right now. So you're going to have to wait a minute. And I'm like, yeah, yeah, I know how bathrooms work. Like if she hadn't said that, I was just going to go rogue and start pounding on all the stalls up and down with a shiv. No. Peeing in the sink, I do what I want. Bathroom attendant. So unnecessary. So the last night I'm at this club, I go in the bathroom. She's like facing the wall. So I'm like, oh, good. I go right in the stall. And I'm not going to say anything gross. But I'm in there just dropping a ton of heat. Just massacring this bowl. Cheers. I'm texting people like, am I dying? Too loud in my family. I just wrote goodbye. That is about true. I went in the bathroom, peed like a normal person, wife, like a human being. I come out. And I walk over and she's facing the wall. And I'm like, I hear the cheese crying. So I'm like, excuse me. I'm about to wash my hands. So you better get fucking ready. No, she's crying. No, I was like, what's wrong? Is it your choices? No, I asked her what was wrong. And she told me she was like my dog died. So I was like, I'm so sorry. I'm going to go get us some shots. We're going to get weird in here tonight. You and me. And she goes, it just really doesn't feel like six years ago. What do you say? I just looked right at her and just... But I've been really lucky. Like my whole life, I found friends just like me. Like at a young age, I found girls that were just like me. All horse. Just little drunks running around. But in every group of girlfriends, there's always one that's the sluddiest. And it wasn't me and my group of friends, Shocker, was my nickname. But no, in my group of friends... The sluddiest of us was this girl, Katie. And we didn't judge her for that. Like as soon as she would have a boyfriend, she'd start acting like mother Teresa. You know, she'd like walk different. She'd talk differently. Like I remember one time she walked over with her new boyfriend. She was like, Adam and I are thrilled you could join us for brunch. I was like, I've helped you get come out of your hair. Remember, we tried using peanut butter because we're stupid. So she moved to Connecticut and was getting married. And she had a wedding shower there. And I was the only friend from home that could go. So I met all of her new fancy Connecticut friends. And like you know women like this. Like these girls, they were all like very steppered wife. You know, they all wore like pastel, cashmere cardigans and pearls and burberry, like tampons. And they all spoke like this, like almost in a whisper. Like they all were, everybody just walked around whispering to each other. Like oh, I guess we were just born with different vocal cords. Because I was raised better. Do you ski? So I met this party and I'm like, mainlining Shardonnay. Trying to remember fun. Just like why? So one of the girls was like, let's play a game. And I'm like, suicide pack to all go first. This party's the worst. And she goes, no, let's all go around and admit something. And I'm like, oh no. So these girls are going around. The shit their admitting is so boring. I can't, like one girl was like, once I forgot to let the dog out all day. And they were like, no. I'm like, is this happening right now? So the girl who goes right before me, Bridget, the worst human I've ever met. I hope she sees this. That's how bad of a person she is. Like, Bridget, I hope you're watching this. But she wouldn't be up this late. She spoke the softest. You had to lean in and squint and read her lips. Because she just, Bridget talked like an angel was sleeping on her tongue. So anyway, she's like, all right, you guys, it's my turn. Bring it in. And we're like, we're in because we have to be. Because you talk like, faithful. Use your diaphragm bridge. So she's like, I'll admit this. Sometimes after Richard falls asleep, I get up and eat ice cream. I just wanted to find one other pair of eyes being like, what a dumb cunt. Right? But nothing. No one, they're all looking at her like, Bridget, you should be asleep. Bridget, tonight, carbs come up. So that's my turn. And I don't look at my friend Katie. I just feel her just glaring at me. Just like, don't be yourself right now, bitch. This is my new life. And so I'm like, okay, first of all, Bridget, thank you for being so brave. I'll admit this. It's kind of like your ice cream thing. One time, I let a cab driver finger me. And Katie's like, that's not how you play Amy. I'm like, really? Because I feel like I won. Thank you. You guys, you're an amazing crowd. Thank you so much. Oh, God, dad died. I guess like today. I'm going to talk about it on stage. Yeah, yeah. You should open with it.
Hey! Yeah! Bartnik, an all-things comedy production. Starring Joe Bartnik. Also starring Bill Burr and Club soda Kenny. Tonight's episode of Killing and Chicago. Ladies and gentlemen, Joe Bartnik. Stubbed Chicago! Oh, I love Chicago! Chicago's a drinking town. And I'm a drinker. Now I live in LA. It's more of a rehab town. People in LA go to rehab for wine. Look, I drink a bottle of wine a day. Oh my God, soda is my mom. Look, yeah, but I take pills. I'm like, yeah, soda is my mom. Drink up cowgirl. I was talking to a dude. Nothing sadder than a grown man drinking a glass of white wine. It's like, how about some soy milk and a sippy cup? Be more masculine. I drink a lot. I drink so much I got the gout. If you don't know what the gout is, it's basically a medieval drinking disease. It means you drink so much your foot hurts. There's no happy fun commercials for the gout either. It's not like HPV or Herpes. There's nobody snowboarding or skydiving with the gout. They're all dragging their dead legs through a casino. Where's the $5 black check? Where's the $5 black check? Glad the bars were open again. That was a terrible year and a half for us alcoholics. Remember Zoom Happy Hour? That bullshit. Open your bear. Look at your buddy in the computer. I like an old dirty bar with a good jukebox and Miller High Life. Champagne. I like a bar before John Taffer rescues it. Or as I say, fucks it up. Hey John, I didn't come to Sal saloon for a perfectly made mint julep. I came for the buy one get three free special. Always open up the kitchen door. Look how nasty that grill is. Hey John, I didn't come to Sal's for the cuisine. I came because Wendy behind the bars probably going to show us her tits. You guys have a good pandemic? Some people didn't, you know? Fat people. Smokers. The elderly. The old side chicks. Not a lot of guma but inside the bubble. It's hard to pretend you're going to the store at 2 a.m. What do you need at CVS? A blowjob? I had a fun pandemic. Yeah, I got a new dog and a mustache and a heart attack. Yeah, don't clap. I lived. Did that pain get in the back of your leg in the middle of the night and you wake up? You're like, fuck! I basically got that in my chest. But it was right in the beginning of the pandemic so I couldn't go to the hospital so I basically just walked it off. I treated a heart attack like an ice cream headache. A week after my heart attack I had to have a procedure done to save my life. And during that procedure they had to shave my balls. They asked for volunteers, flaming egg egg goes me! I'm like, yes, that guy loves balls, he'll take care of mine. But then, razor in hand, he looked me right in the eye and he goes, you remind me of my ex-boyfriend. That I got scared. I'm like, this guy's gonna laugh off my left nut because Bruce never took him to see Hamilton. Getting older, my friends are getting older, that sucks. That's my buddy the other day and he goes, I got my party pills. He got molly, he's like, no, Tom's. I'm like, cool, he's had some green chili, he's like, shit. I actually like heartburn. It makes me feel alive. I'm even fired like a dragon. I'm at the age I wear a peen the middle of the night. Thinking about wearing a diaper to bed just so I can sleep in. But if I get used to it, start wearing it around town. I'm on the subway, people think I'm just chilling. Do the shake at the end. Look, he's taking a piss! Who's in my memory a little bit? So I changed up my lifestyle. Like now I wash my hair as soon as I get in the shower. So I don't start jerking off and forget. The worse he got you're like, fuck, I've ever gotten to wash my hair! I've got to get back in, turn the water on, the whole family knows. He just jerked off. No, when you get out of the shower and you have shampoo in your hair, you're in the zone. Like Jordan in the garden. I try to act young though, like I use emojis. I used to think emojis for kids, you know? I used to think texting was for kids. Then I'm like, wait, I don't have to call somebody. It's like, oh, emojis, you don't have to text somebody. You know my favorite emoji is thumbs up. Like, fuck you, we're done. No more bubbles, fucker. I see bubbles all call your ass. The emoji they need is the old man Italian wave. Yeah, they get the fuck outta here. My wave hates that. My grandfather had the best. He did the reverse old man Italian wave. I recently lost 70 pounds. Don't laugh, I'm gonna gain it all back. I know you're thinking, he still kinda looks like shit. That's where I'm wearing a collared shirt. You got man titties, you got to wear a collar. Yeah. Takes 15 right off the top. That's why golfers wear and make some almost look athletic. Like, I can't wear a wife beater. You can't wear a wife beater if you look like a wife beater. You have a six pack wear a wife beater if you just drank a six pack. Keep your sleeves on. I know, young girl like yourself, you want abs. I get it. But the older ladies who've lost all their hopes and dreams, they dig the dad bod. Yeah ladies, this bod he says, fun. This bod he says, everybody's getting appetizers. Nobody has a split dessert with his body. This bod is built for comfort. His body sleeps in on Saturdays. Nobody has to get up and ride a bike with his body. I hate people that ride bikes. Not the guys at the liver food. Those guys bend their neck. But the guys address up like spider man. Take up half the road. Think you're not going to hit them. Those guys, fuck you. Most of everyone of those guys last week, anybody lights flashing their back of his helmet? How am I supposed to see that looking at my phone? My wife wants me to keep the weight off. Fucking bitch. She thinks I should go to bed hungry. I'm like, I'm an American. My grandfather did not go to war for me to go to bed hungry. Doesn't keep anything to eat in the house. She keeps almonds. You must not be hungry if you're hungry. I don't know what you don't like. Almonds aren't even food. You know how I know they're not food? Because my dog doesn't give a shit if I'm eating. Ruby's like, you know, almonds go into bed plus. I love the excitement dogs have. And they think you have food they want. And they come running and you're like, yeah. It's like when you turn on good fellows, but it's on the Mexican channel, you're like, ah. When you have what they want, they do zero in on you. They're so concentrating. They don't break concentration. They're like the general gamblers at the table. I always have to do the dealer hand-wiping. But your corner's ladies. Why wife does nothing if you heard of it's called portion control. It's worse than communism. She has these little portions of food. I think that's the portion you would get in a restaurant. I'm like, not the restaurant. I know the owner and I'm fucking the chef. Because that's the restaurant I'm in right now. So, how about some more lasagna? First time my wife made me the design had orange chunks in it. I know I'm like, this fucking broad. Put American cheese in my lasagna. I gotta call my no-ning and ginnin' home. She goes, no you more on that squash. I'm like, gay racquetball? My wife uses chopsticks at home. Who were you impressing? You don't do the taxes with an abacus. So, I got a daughter. She's really good at basketball. She's so good the black kids pass with the ball. I mean, she's not ready for her, but at least we're thinking of her. Like, she can beat me sometimes on a lunch. She's like, daddy, I know your weaknesses. You know about Rye Whiskey and Thai hookers? Her last year of organized ball she won the championship. I got a big trophy like this big. I'm like, fuck yeah, you got a trophy. She's like, I got tons of trophies. I'm like, yeah. But this time you won something. I'm like, that one's for seventh place. We're not teaching our kids about the real world. If you're a resident of the seventh place, you're not getting the job. Six people have to fail a drug test before you get that job. I noticed 17 when she was a little. She was so cute. Everyone's like, wait till she becomes a teenager. You're going to hate her. And now she's a big bitch and I kind of do. Her and my wife argue constantly, I never get involved. But the other night they were screaming each other and my daughter goes, I'm just going to go upstairs and kill myself. I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We just paid for braces. You're going to be for 11 grades or sticking around a while. I guess the art school, she thinks she's artsy. She's like, daddy, I'm going to make soap. I'm like, you don't even do the dishes. She does ballet. It's fucking awful. The music's terrible. All the mothers hate me because I call the bar a pole. I'm like, your dial is great on the pole. It gets a bar you asshole. We're like a friend we call it a pole. We do the mega lot of money in a couple years. You should be happy. Freedom of college, my parents. Feeling good. So happy I lost the weight. Yeah, because now I can shop at marshals again. Yeah, because I can fit in double X clothing. There's nothing left at marshals of triple X. It's all green or purple or fuchsia. I can't wear those colors. I'm not black. Black guys look good, ball. Measure me, ball. Black guys look at in dreadlocks. White guy has dreadlocks. You're like fucking asshole. Black guy has to be like, that guy's cool. He's probably got weed. Black guys looking in both ties. White guy has both eyes. You're an accountant and a pedophile. Black guys even look good in glasses. And they're just wearing them for the irony. They're not going to read. Hey, get easy. I can handle the racism. I'm white. I'm not even really white. I'm Italian. We weren't white until the 40s. So Frank Sinatra and Joe DiMaggio you have to be really good at something and they let you be white. Like Obama, they let him be white. Prince, Prince was white. OJ was white for a while and he fucked it up. Will Smith is the whitest man alive. He assaulted a black dude and they gave him an award. Tiger Woods is white again. I love Tiger, man. He's my favorite. Drunken whore monger. I fucking love that guy. I love Tiger so much. I used to listen to golf on the radio. People got so mad. He's like, how can he cheat on his wife? She's beautiful. She's gorgeous. She's in the leaven. What? It's exactly why you cheat on her. She's beautiful and gorgeous. She just lays there and bed and doesn't move. She doesn't have to. She's beautiful. But Tiger's got a billion dollars. He wants someone to lick his ass. Like only someone who works in Applebee's can. The gym was shut for you. That was cool. Hate all the fake happy people at the gym. Like, still you're not going to live forever. Check out the front desk on way too many red bulls. What are your goals today? I'm like the fuck you later. I think I'm here for my health. You're the treadmill for a half hour because I'm an ultra marathoner. I type in a half hour. It doesn't stop at a half hour. It keeps going. It's called the cool down. Total bullshit. Cool. That's not more walking on the treadmill. It's the joint in the car on the ride home. Well, I used to love weed. No. Now I can't handle it. It's too good. Yeah, when I was a kid, weed was brown. It had sticks and seeds in it. You're rolling a jug of high. You were lucky to throw a frisbee. Now it's purple. It's called Luke Skywalker's Nuts. Smoke a joint. I got laid out for a week. I wake up. I can't marry you. I pass words. That's all I do all the days. Keep updating passwords. Pass me numbers. I've been letters. I'm happy to capitalize. I've been through the whole penguins roster four times. You have to prove you're not a computer. I can't remember the name of the studio. I'm not a computer. They ask you an emotional question. What was the name of your favorite pet? You used to love Ruby? No, I have Rosie. I don't know. Or they put 10 photos. Wish we would have a stop sign. I'm blind. I got to call my kid in to help me. I went to Lenscraft and it goes, you drove here? I actually failed the DMV I exam. Lady goes, you think enough right? I go, what do you mean to do? She goes, I don't worry about it. We waited in line for three hours. We'll let you drive. My buddy came out from New York City and he wanted to go in an out burger. I'm like, I'll give you a ride. And we're driving down the street and I go, hey, what's that sign saying? He goes, you can't see that sign? I'm like, dude, if you knew what I couldn't see, you wouldn't be in this car. You'd be taking an Uber, you cheap fuck. I had an incident two Sundays ago. I drove through a street fair. I mean, there was shit going on, but I didn't think the street was closed. The cops were cool. The real housewives of Sierra Madre, not so much. It's like, relax, Don. I didn't knock over your dream catcher stand. So I did get a new dog during the pandemic. Now I have two dogs. I just love dogs. I mean, if I was a billionaire, I wouldn't shoot myself in the space. I'd buy every fucking pound. It'd be all my dogs. I love dogs because I'm narcissistic and I'm code dependent. So it's all about me. They just love me. I don't have to ask anybody else about their day. It's all about me. Yeah, we love you. Yeah, it's great. People need pets. Everybody needs pets. Everybody should have pets. But they should have dogs, really. Give me the age I was talking to my guy friends, have cats? I'm like, is that your girlfriend? Then they're like, no. I'm like, ugh. You probably drink Pepsi. Yeah. Have a coke and get a dog, motherfucker. That little kid gave me a juggerina Pepsi. He would attack on them. It's a big, but it birds. I don't know. And he'd teach him to talk. I don't even want my wife to talk. Fight a bird though. I teach my bird my internet passwords. Hey, two K and Sam. What's Yahoo? Malkin 71. Next, Levasion Point. Ha! Some people have ferris. What's that about? Let's just grease them up and stick them in your ass. Why else would you bring a rodent into your home? Some people have guinea pigs, hamsters. One thing you never see. No one ever has a raccoon. Those things will fuck you up. You ever look at a raccoon in the eye? You get a chill down your spine. You're like, oh, I'm sorry. I'm just being the wrong neighborhood. So I have Rosie, the German Shepherd. And I also have my old dog, Ruby, the cutest mutton in the world. And she's like the shot collar of the house. Like, Rosie's afraid of her. Rosie's 130 pounds. Ruby's 30 pounds. She controls Rose. It's hilarious. She's the best dog. But she was paralyzed three years ago. She's all better now, but it cost me $7,000 to get her fixed. Now she's the most expensive thing in my house. I know with the grab that there's a fire on me. Where's the kid? I don't know. Get the dog. The surgeon was nice. I think you have to be when you're charged in $7,000 to fix somebody's dog. When you turn over the $25 donation in the dog's name. I would never put my dog on a love that dog. My wife would never let me. My wife would put me down before the dog. She'd have an itchy, tringer figure too. I'd better not even blink in the hospital. She'd be like, you gone, pull the cord! I'm just a girl! So you're like, what would you do if you could if you could if you could? What would you do? Like if it was my kid, I'd say tough enough, play fizz and favorite, getting a wheelchair. You love space mountain, right? Well, now you're first every time. You get the big bathroom now in a parking space when you're older, just don't ever get on a bus because everyone will hate you. Everyone hates the wheelchair guy in the bus. You're like, fuck, I was in a hurry. Even the driver's busy is getting up and strap him in. It's like, what can go wrong? He's already in a wheelchair. I love drugs. Yeah. Down to the new one this year, Adderall. Fucking awesome. Makes me wish I had a stupid kid. I offered something to my wife, she could be just a cocaine like an adult. Can't smoke anymore but I love gummies. Yeah. One gummy, drive my kid to school, talk to the teacher. Four gummies hang out with my mom all day long. Incident-free. Who died again, remind me. Oh yeah, that's right. Let me go think CBD's a drug, I don't know. If you think CBD's a drug, then you think natural deodorant works. Everybody has Facebook friends that I don't know who they are, but they're your Facebook friend, right? Someone with my Facebook friend and they put on my page. If you love marijuana, you can't be my friend. I'm like, who the fuck are you? She lived in Atlanta and she worked for Taco Bell. How can you be against marijuana and work at Taco Bell? The whole reason you have a job is because of marijuana. There's nobody's sober going, I need a Chalupa. I don't like Taco Bell. I haven't eaten one in 28 years. I live in California, we have real Mexican food. I don't even like their commercials, their commercials offend me. Yeah, the newest one is a beautiful home and like eight people dress nicely sitting in the living room. Can you talk about on the couch in the daylight? Who are these fucking animals? They have access to a kitchen. You think you talk about on the couch in the daytime? Can you talk about on the dark in your car? I just don't like chain restaurants. I can't even start. Who's at the first chiles? This food's awful. Let's make a thousand of them. I'm sure Carl Sr. ran a great hamburger stand. But then Jr. had to go nationwide. Fuck it all up. There is one restaurant they do enjoy. That's Waffle House. Yeah, yeah. A bunch of animals in the crowd. I love it. It was awesome. Listen to this though. I just saw it in the end of the day. Some guy ran naked through a Waffle House and shot a bunch of people. How fucked up do you have to be? To be barefoot in a Waffle House. You see somebody barefoot in a Waffle House. You get the fuck out of there. A person has no will to live. I love food. Food's the only drug I can handle. It's a drug. It is. You ever try to eat one Dorito? You can't eat the whole bag in your licking orange dust off your fingers. I got a fucking crack head. There's a slice of pizza in my fridge. I can't sleep. Oh, wake up at 5 a.m. Like, my kid's not getting this fuck her. You ever eat pizza so hard to burn your face? But you keep eating it anyway. Chicken Parmesan, that's my heroin. I'll eat a whole trig and toy not off. That's my favorite type of day. When you eat so much, you can do it. It's like a nap in a shit. I have a word for that half-pink. Let's have Spanish. It's called a shiesta. Would you take a shiesta? Fuck yeah, man. That's a good day. I love to eat, but I don't like buffets. No. I don't need a sneeze guard. Get me a waitress. That was in Pennsylvania. The guy goes, the buffets are amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing if you were a naked afraid. It's like it's powdered eggs. The only time powdered eggs are amazing if they're served by the red cross. I do like some buffets though. The expensive ones. I have carving stations and omelettes. I don't really like the chef that man them though. I remember when chefs used to be cool. They were like jolly old fuckers. Another old skinny. They're all skinny. They got arm tattoos. Carry their knives around. Do heroin. They all think they're Anthony Bourdain. It's like you're not writing the great American novel. You're working at a Marriott. They all make their own catch-ups. I don't want plums in my ketchup. I want a bottle of Hines. Not Hines. Hines is the Pepsi of catch-ups. I was dating my wife about two months maybe, maybe less than that. We were out of catch-up. We go across the street and get some catch-up. She came back with Hines. I'm like, what the fuck is this? I go, we're going back. Can we go back to my corner store? He sells porn to 12-year-olds and cigarettes to 10-year-olds. Even he was like, I'm sorry. I'll give you your money back. Let's talk some politics. Just kidding. I think I give a shit about politics. My life was so much better when I didn't know the name of any governor. Including my own. I knew it wasn't Schwarzenegger anymore. I voted for Terminator twice. You know when you're 15, who do you want to be in charge? Terminator. He was twice. I voted for the rock for president. He's like Obama on Roads. Put the people's elbow down on China. Hey Putin, you smell what the rock is cooking? The only political thing I am is I'm pro-environment. I used to not be, but then I got a kid. I used to treat the earth like a rent a car. But now I'm like, let's keep it around a while. Some people aren't though. I think we're going to live on Mars one day. Maybe the Kennedy's like Kardashians. Not the 180 people in here on a Monday. There's not going to be a spirit flight to Mars. I love spirit. People don't like spirit. I think it's cheaper than you have seen just as many fights. And they don't really have stewardesses, which is great. I don't know why you like stewardesses. They used to be cool. They used to be air-flirts, like coffee to your meat. They're like air marshals, like worrying about your safety. Just don't hit me with the cart, Bertha. All they do is give you garbage. You have to hand them back in five minutes. Who needs this much ginger ale? Fasin. They're basically just terrible waitresses. They're waitresses that can't get a job on land. That's why they have to fly to Cleveland three times a week to pay their rent. They only do it with straws. I don't care. I'm a man. I haven't used a straw in 45 years. Let's some doing below. But all we're all built for Mother Earth. The bring back paper towels. Fuck the trees. Take a wash in my hands in the men's room because I have to. Because there's somebody else in there. My dick is the cleanest thing in a men's room. I have to hit the syphilis machine to dry them off. I mean, germs are in a men's room. Let's blow them all around a while. Bring back real paper towels, too. Not those one-third fuckers. What's that for? Oh, I knocked over my vizine. I just don't like it environmentally friendly bathrooms. Yeah, the sinks never work. You're always like... The lights are motion-sensored. So if you stop moving, they go out. You're taking a shit that turns into a horror movie. What can I touch to get out of here? They want to do away with plastic bags. Then where the homeless can use for condoms. Oh, you want more homeless people? I'm sick of having to pretend to care about homeless people. They're not cool. If they were cool, they'd have a place to stay. They're not homeless, they're friendless. That you guys are in a good mood. Yeah, America is starting to get happy again, which is nice. Because before the pandemic, people were just sad for no reason. They were worrying about shit that had no effect on their life. They pretended to care. They didn't look at assholes. They're like, oh, I better put a sad emoji on Facebook. Or going to people think I'm an asshole. So then God was like, oh, I'll give you something to fuck and cry about. I'll shut the world down for two years. You want to cry about this bullshit? Remember, pre-pandemic people, like, Houston's underwater! Good! Have you ever been to Houston? Places of human are ballasted to the side of your leg. That place needs a bidet. Puerto Rico doesn't have any power! Did they have power before the storm? I don't think they did. If they did, that means they probably had cable. That means they have the weather channel. That means they have four days to see the storm coming. So Hurricane is on an earthquake. Get a poncho, Pedro. Everyone used to be upset about school shootings. That's one thing the pandemic did away with school shootings. You can't shoot up a Zoom school. As soon as one square goes out, like, locked the door, Johnny! I went to Catholic school. When I was in the algebra class, I wanted someone to come in here. She had to come in to that fucking school. And hit that penguin bitch first. She got to come in. I'm glad nuns are going extinct. There's this other job's rang, realesby, and it's to do. They can work at UPS, they can drive a tow truck. They can work at Arbys because they got the meats. Me and my wife are getting along better. Oh, but... I used to have a thing called sleep apathy. Yeah, it's where you snore, but you're asleep, so you don't give a fuck. How is this my problem? I mean, I'm too broke to get divorced. Only rich people get divorced. Poor people just stay together and hate each other. What's my wife going to do to take half my ACDC CDs? Can't believe the judge gave her a highway to hell. I'm too broke to kill my wife, too. And get away with it. Not like in an OJ where everybody knows, but in a way when only your mother-in-law really kind of knows. Yeah, it used to be if you're rich, you go into crews, you get international waters, you throw a overboard. But then somebody swam back and caught the boat. Imagine looking at an ackeye's face. Is it the buffet having some crab legs? She comes walking in soaking wet. He has to play it off. I was hilarious. I didn't even work up my back. Oh, check, oh, I forgot the Higley core. Oh, you're caught up by anyone, Stephanie. No, now if you're rich, you go to a third world country. You go hiking. You find a high ledge and you push her off. Yeah, there's no CSI Honduras. There's just one corrupt detective. He's not looking for a killer. He's looking for an envelope. Accidentate, said your? See. A lot of nice couples in the crowd. Let me tell you this. If you're in a relationship and you're arguing and you don't have any kids, get the fuck out now. It is never getting any better. What are you arguing about? What's on TV? Me and my wife were the other for 10 years before we had a kid. We only argued five times for them. We're all in the same canoeing trip. Apparently I was too fat to sit in the front. Into lazy to sit in the back. You're a nice couple. If you don't want to have any kids tonight, here's my big tip for the evening. Do not use the pull-out method. A birth control. Apparently some sperm is more potent than others. Mine crawled off her back. It's the truth. It's called the love drop. I feel like you're the hot dog and then you squeeze the mustard. And the first thing that comes out ain't mustard. Well now I call that Isabella. She's a dog. I feel like you guys are a great sports town. Yeah, you can find her. The Bears Old School. I'm a Steeler fan. But I'm an old school student. I feel like I go back to Franco in Lambert. There's all these bandwagon fans. And they think they're big fans. I'm a guy in San Diego. I'm the biggest Steeler fan in the world. If you don't wipe ice off your car, you're not the biggest Steeler fan in the world. If your uncle hasn't been unemployed for 30 years. You're not the biggest Steeler fan in the world. I feel like old school and I fell though. Nowadays it's too much about players safety. It's like hey, if you want to live till you're 70, drive a bus. That's why I love the NHL. They don't really care about players safety. It's like skate with your head up asshole. I love college basketball. Then the winner gets very confusing. ESPN is supporting the women's scores on the ticker and pink. So you can begin half a sleep on the couch. I wake up. Duke lost by 35. Oh, that's women's basketball. I guess I need a bigger TV. So I can see the Astric where it says it doesn't fucking matter. They should put women's basketball on Facebook. Because they're just for their friends and family anyway. I do like some women's sports. Like women's volleyball. Yeah, take it to the beach ladies. Who knew the Lithuanian volleyball team was so hot? Who knew there were beaches in Lithuania? Who knows where Lithuania is? I like women's tennis. Yeah, there's commy broads and they're tight panties. I love serena Williams. Yeah, look at that ass all day long. Oh, what's serena hit balls off a wall all day? I don't really like women's MMA though. I rather watch two sevens fight in the parking lot. Like what's your favorite move of hair pull? Like you think Rhonda Rossi's hot? Yeah, she's hot for a chick that can kick my ass. She's not like stripper hot. Like if she came up and asked you for a lap dance you'd be like, I'm not ready yet. Let's see who else is in the champagne room Rhonda. I do karate. I do. In case I ever host an awards show. Yeah. I'll be like five swords, motherfucker. I do karate because it's all young dudes. And they always like, I'm the oldest dude by like 20 years. But it's fun to hang out with younger people. Because all my older friends just kind of suck. You know, do you think anymore? They kind of get on me. They're like, what's your retirement plan? My retirement plan is to die. And a couple baseball cards. A couple mint rod carouss going to pay the mortgage. Like I'm old enough to be in a vagra commercial. But I've never used vagra. Never had to. I'm not gonna get the same steal. I used to get back in seventh grade. And I was breaking desks. I feel like a rocket ship taking off in your pants. You' re the MTV music. No, now my Russians are more like a helicopter taking off with the sad mashed music. N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n! Grab a towel, radar, grab a towel. Yeah? I still do drugs, huh? It's gonna be smart, though. Like now when you do coke, you have to watch like nine people do it. And then wait like 15 minutes. Okay, it's cool. Yeah, it'd be smart doing drugs. Sometimes you're not. Sometimes I'm not. Like right before the pandemic, I was doing cocaine with my gym card. Cause I'm a baller. I went to the gym the next day and the card still had cocaine on it. Yeah, we took the chick of the front test. She's like, oh, so I grabbed it back and I elect it. And I went up on the treadmill and I was using Bolt for about nine seconds. And I fell back and hit my head. And I woke up and there was like five people standing around and the chick from the front test goes, that's the guy with the cocaine that wants to fuck me. Yeah. Yeah. I kid around about drinking and drugs and rehab. But if you need to go, go. I mean, I'll never go to rehab. Cause I have a swimming pool. If you need to go, please go. I mean it. Cause I've personally put four different people in rehab. I was the last person for different women to hang out with before they got sober. Um, four chicks, rock bottoms. People would say, well, what about your wife? Okay, I'm five chicks, rock bottom. Guys are cool. Who's your favorite porn star? Oh, nice. You know who mine is? Steve Jobs. Yeah, he put porn on your phone. You know how important that is? I travel every weekend. I can't be bringing DVDs through TSA. Try to download porn on your computer. It gets computer aids and dies. We're in some small town. You can't even jerk off to the newscasters. There's a reason why Sally's in the small market. It's that lazy eye. Oh. Used to be there was one salvation. BET on cut. I'm censored rap videos. Nelly Tipdrew was the best. I needed a tip drill. I used to have them in VHS when I came home. It was the best. It was from midnight to three. But it ended exactly at three. No commercial break. Yeah, it went from twerking to the reverend. Juicy ass. Jesus! You don't know despair until you play beat the clock while you beat your cock in Kalamazoo. A lot of gays nowadays, huh? LGBTQXYZ is like an eye chart. I can't read. They let fat people be gay now. Remember before you had at least being shaped to take a dick in the ass? No, everybody's under the rainbow. I made a cheek of these. I was like, what's that? I mean, she said I could do dudes or chicks. I said you were cool. You got to be pro gay though. Yeah. If not, you're just ignorant. Who cares where somebody puts their dick or their tongue or their dildo? Unless it's in you and you don't want it to be. Yeah. I mean, I could never be gay. I have hemorrhoids and sharp teeth. I look at the way I dress everybody off or nothing to the gay community. The gays on shop at Marshalls. Well, the lesbians do. Can't beat two flannels for $7. Gay rights help out everybody though. Even straight guys like me. Last week I was in New York, I did the bathroom really bad. The men's room was packed. So I went in the ladies room. When they came out, all these women were pissed. I'm like, hey, I'm transitioning. From a guy that had to take a dump. No, a guy who doesn't have to take a dump. Where's the parade? You guys are cool. Some towns aren't there. They get upset. They're like, burn her to your gay. I'm like, burn her to your puppets. They're like, Tom Cruise is gay. I'm like, Tom Cruise is a Scientologist. That is so much worse. They got mad when he found out John Travolta was gay. Yeah. His misuse ratted him out. His misuse went jerk him off so he got fired. How stupid is that? He was rubbing him all over or anyway. What's the difference? Nothing to lose your job over. I'd do it. Yeah. That's Vinny Bobberino. That's Vincent Vega. That's Chili Poe Mary. How bad could it be? What's it like to work with Tarantino? Hurry up, okay, go, grease like ningo. That's gonna be great. Thanks for coming to this comedy show. If you've been to one comedy show, you've been to 100 right here. The same thing's right. Mary guys don't get enough blow jobs. The fact of the matter is, Mary guys don't get enough quality blow jobs. My wife sucks a dick like she's forced to give a homeless man CPR. I want her sucking a dick like a mom trying to save a melting ice cream cone. Give me that. Alright everybody, I'm Joe Bartonick. Thank you so much, Ricardo. Thank you. Next time on Bartonick. So, where are you from? California. Where are you really from? Pittsburgh. It was a so fucking heart. Bartonick, it doesn't taste like champagne. Trust me? I don't do happy endings. Oh, how would a grand opening be? A bam! Who are you? Oh, that's Bartonick. Oh yeah, it is. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you. I'm going to be a big fan of you.
- - - - - - - - - - - Hello. Hey. All right. What's going on, everybody? What's going on? What's going on? Uh, I hope y'all had an easy time getting into this building because I did not. I just had to walk up there. Yeah, I'm shooting the specials. I was excited to walk in and go, and then there was a hold on, hold on, hold on. He said, you, you work in here? I say, I'm doing a little bit of work here. Can I come in, please? Hold on. Let me call it in. That's a curious, serious. It's nice. It's nice. It's just two hours special. They got a girl in the back. She brushed my go-t for me. That was nice. I've done TV before, but nobody ever brushed my go-t. I got a brush. I never even brushed my go-t. It never even occurred to me. I was like, this is really good. I was like, this is a regular comedy gig. I hosted an open mic in my college town. It was poetry, music, comedy, everything. One show I had an ex-girlfriend that showed her to perform at to introduce her to the stage. It was very awkward. Coming to the stage is the cold heart of Bister Broke My Heart. You may know her from that return to my phone calls and also giving out mediocre blow-dots. Make a lot of noise for T.R. Johnson, everybody. I gotta stop saying her real name. I really... I just stop saying her real name. I just say something else. I can still say that I gotta stop saying her real name, joke, and still say a fake name, but I keep saying her real name. A few summers ago, I went on a tour with a bunch of bands. Before the tour started, I wanted to get an idea who I'd be working with so I watched some of these bands on YouTube. And I was watching clips and one of the bands every show to lead would put the microphone in his ass so I was concerned. So that I emailed the promoter, say, hey, man, what's up with this dude putting the microphone in his ass? And he wrote me back and said, don't worry, microphone in the ass guy brings his own microphone. As he should bring his own microphone. But I'm sure it didn't start out like that. Probably just a complaint from other performers. Hey, man, I don't want to be a deep-ready thing, but this guy just wholly asked out the microphone. So is that where to get a spare microphone? Or is there something we could spray on the microphone and make it un-assed? I'm not used to working like this, man. This is not why I got in the music business. They were put on a live show. Every show to lead from the band would take a garbage can full of bar garbage and throw it on the head of his drum. And the drummers just keep drumming with garbage on his body. My favorite show was in Montreal during that somebody else from the crowd took the garbage can, offered a drummers head, put it on his own head. I don't know why he did that because immediately after somebody else from the crowd punched him in his garbage can head and he fell to the ground, bloodied. Now, I tell you what that happened. That's because when you put a garbage can on your head, it limits your peripheral vision about 100%. Leaving you very open to those type of attacks. That's why I never put garbage cans on my head. Because I always need to know what's going on around me. And I can't maintain that level of awareness with a garbage can on my head. I just know myself like that. I felt bad for the guy because it happened so fast. He didn't even get the intro having a garbage can on his head. His two consecutive thoughts were I have a garbage can on my head. Man, I regret putting that garbage can on my head. That was a horrible idea. So I do shows at college sometimes. And when I do a college show, I do an interview with the school paper and a result could be a horrible article. So I want to share with you all this article from a gig I did at Eastern Illinois University in Charleston, Illinois. This is all real and imprint a human being wrote this. And then they sent it to a higher rank in human being in editor. And I personally said, yeah, let's go with that. Quick with it, Burris set for laughs. Comedian helps bring diversity to campus. Wait, wait, wait. I'm responsible for bringing diversity to your campus because you realize the type of diversity I bring is very temporary. Because I'm leaving as soon as I get my check. It sounds sucks. I actually paid before the show. It was a phone interview. And sometimes when I do phone interviews and a journalist is born, I just started saying crazy stuff to make it fun for me and make the most out of my time. And she said, what do you talk about in your comedy? I said, I talk about the streets. And she put that in the paper for real. His performances include comedic jokes. Wait, wait, wait. Comedic jokes. As opposed to all the other types of jokes that are out there. Am I missing out on a jar of jokes? I hate that to be the reason I don't make it big. Yeah, Hannibal Burris could have been huge. But he focused all his energy on comedic jokes. When there was so many other types of jokes out there, he really pinched and hold themselves. And I'm some bitter old man comedians. He's junk comedians. They focus on all types of jokes. That's so tarot jokes. And jokes about hats. We were curious. We only did comedic jokes. These young dudes, man. His performances include comedic jokes related to personal stories. Current events. The streets. You know what? I take the blame, but I said that on the record. I take the blame. His performances, comedic jokes related to personal stories. Current events. The streets. And even food. He said. What? Even food. Who else is talking about food in the comedy game right now? Nobody just Hannibal Burris. That's all. He has coined it that sub-Zekmata. He is the Lenny Bruce of grocery store humor. He is so as you said to Saul, and he was in Dallas, Texas, half the crowd walked out. When he did his new bit about lettuce, it was crazy. He was so as you put that town. Matt Caponera, the University comedy board, is saying Burris is picked because he stood out more than other choices. He stands out like an exclamation point, Caponera said. I don't know if that's weird, a borderline racist. Let's go with weird. It's easy to go, right? Let's go with weird. Because I think it's weird to compare people to punctuation. Now, I think it's more like a semi-colon comedian. Very semi-colon-like in delivery and I ain't pacing. I don't even know how to use a semi-colon to this day. I use a comma every time. And you know what? If I email somebody to get upset about me using a comma instead of a semi-colon, that's not a person I want to work with anyway. And that's how you weed people out of your life. Burris was the most popular comedian in Caponera's price range of $2,000. It was a couple years ago. Two things about that. One, you got to end right, I was, hell yeah. I was ruling that price range in the Midwest two years ago. Two, how tacky is that? Did she go to her additor? Hell when to make this article more tacky? You have any ideas? Well, maybe you can miss the amount of money he's making from the show. To ask nothing to the article at all. Plus, we get the added bonus of putting his business out there and making it harder for him to charge more than that in the future. So, I think if you're going for word count, that's your move. Caponera said he also picked Burris because he is African-American with adding more diversity to the comedic lineup this semester. He's a black comedian so it makes our crowd more diverse and everyone gets what they want, Caponera said. Everyone gets what they want? That's a weird broad thing to say. Even people that didn't attend the show, hey, did you book Hannibal Burris? Yeah, we booked about you coming to the show. Now I'm that coming to the show, but I got what I wanted. Everybody gets what they want when I come to town. Tom or Ralph, Pigs is at an all-time high. Everybody's happy. They go to the local grocery store, just juggling the items. No intention of buying them. Just in the aisles, y'all. Even for him, he's got me to town, y'all. Hell yeah! You think it's going to do the lattice bit? I don't know. I'm not even going to the show. I'm just happy he's here. Two years ago, I got a job right in the Saturday night live. My first week right in the Saturday night live, Megan Fox was the host. And you can meet with the host to talk about your sketch. So a producer comes around and say, hey, do you want Megan Fox to come by your office? Yeah. Yeah, I do. Are you creating a situation where Megan Fox has to talk to me? Hell yeah. So to give you some background on the sketch, I wrote for her. I'm a big fan of scatting and music, not scatting, shit-known people. Gotta be clear for people. Cause I always wonder how scatting started. I picked the two singers in the back of a club, wanna, hey man, did you write your song for tonight? Not only real half of it. What are you gonna do? I think I'm a singing that half and the rest, I'm singing gibberish. You can't sing gibberish, listen man, these people are drunk. We got a band back here with us. If I feel like I sell it, we can just do some rhythmic gibberish. And he goes out there, screaming about, beating about, about, about, about, about. And people go crazy for gibberish. He's walking off stage, all cocky, the other guy's like, whatever, when you write, you write. So I wrote a sketch where Megan Fox was a horror movie villain that killed her victims with scatting. Yeah, it didn't make it to television at all. It didn't deserve to make it to television. But what's cool about SNL is that all the sketches get read through. So Megan Fox had to scat in a room full of people. Just give it a pop up. And I'm like a creep in the corner, hold my script. Like, yes, Megan Fox is reading my words right now. Yeah, Megan Fox is reading the words right now that I wrote. Oh, no, Megan, you messed up a lot. One week there was a monkey written into the opening monologue. And in the day before the show, we got a message saying we had to write new jokes because the monkey isn't available anymore. This makes me pitch a monkey on the phone like, yeah, I don't want to do Saturday night live anymore. I don't like that show. That show sucks. Hasn't been funny since the 70s. Like, damn, that monkey's kind of mean. And he's over-realmanticizing the ballot shearard. That's it was. So there's a dress rehearsal and an air show. And it's more sketches on the dress rehearsal. Whatever it doesn't do well gets cut and then that's the air show. I had a sketch that made it to dress rehearsal. And when you have that, you sit under the bleachers with an audience that's sitting with Lauren Michaels and you watch it on a monitor and he gives you notes. This particular sketch of mine was Biamond Horobly. And during that, I was just practicing acting like my sketch was in Biamond. Hey, chill out, man. It's a slow bill. It's a slow bill, relax. It was a slow bill to nothing. This sketch bombed Horobly. And he usually gives a note that maybe this person should walk in quick. He had nothing to say. It's just, it was quiet. He said, well, that was conceptually adventurous. I like that job though. We had interns to job. You tell them to do stuff and they do it. It's great. You got to be nice to them. Know how this guy facts something. They man facts that for me. Like I gave them another page. Hey, facts something for yourself too. I was leaving work one day. I got on the elevator going down and stopped on three. This man got on and said, thank you. What are you thanking me for? I don't work on the elevator. This ain't mad, man. Why are you talking to me? Why are you thanking me to get on the elevator? What is your life? Like are you not allowed on the elevators? Can maybe you usually push you off the elevator? Get off the elevator, Steve stands for you. It's always been stands. Been on the road, but I was in Scotland for all of August. It was the darkest time of my life. Mostly because they call cookies biscuits. I didn't like that at all. It was an incredible culture shock for me. Tough to adjust. But I tried for a few weeks. So I passed through the chocolate chip biscuits. Let's have biscuits and milk everybody. I love Oreo biscuits. But in the fourth week I couldn't handle it normal. Those are cookies. Those are biscuits. Those are cookies. Cookies are cookies and biscuits are biscuits. You call cookies biscuits. The one you call biscuits. Because I'm not saying scones. I think I was dealing with some other stuff at the time. And I transferred my anger. I was that mad about that. So one night I was out. It was five in the morning. Having some drinks was talking with this girl. I decided to take a swing. I say, how about we go back to my place for some food? Some drinks. Most women would say, yeah, that sounds cool. No, I'm alright. But what she said was, what type of food are we talking about? And what type of drinks are we talking about? And do you expect me to have sex with you? I'll come back to your place. If you come back to my place at five in the morning and eat all my food and drink all my drinks, and you don't want to have sex, then I don't want you in my life at all. What type of person to do something like that? That sounds like something to sociopath or do. Come to your place, eat your food, drink your drinks, leave at 6.30 without fucking like a cold. That's a passive burglary. And as soon as she said that I stood at the clock, this woman was crazy. But I was kind of drunk. So I went, oh, she's kind of quirky. She's kind of quirky and weird. So we talked for a little bit. She said stuff, I say stuff. She said stuff, I say stuff. You know how a conversation works. I think it's going well. I go in for the kiss. She says, what? You think you can just kiss me? Western men and men in general think they're entitled to whatever they want from women. You objectify us. You started going on this weird feminist rant. It's fine if you want to be a feminist, but I think five in the morning after the bar closes, is a weird time to jump on your soapbox. And men just want to fuck. It's five in the morning, everybody wants to. That's why they stayed out till five because it didn't happen at two. So we keep talking for some reason. She wants to know my address. She's showing answers. I tell her the address, then we want to go a little further. She wants to know the address plus the cross street. Then she texted to herself after I tell her, I say, what's wrong? She says, I have to be safe. Three out of ten women that get raped don't report. And I said, one out of one dudes is walking away from this conversation. And she said, what's wrong? I said, you are crazy person. That's what's wrong. And right now it sounds kind of risky to hang out with you. And I didn't notice about myself until today, but I don't hang out with anybody that quotes rapes statistics. There's nobody in my life that does that. That's such a weird straight to have. I'm a black man in Scotland on a work visa. You talking about rape? They can't believe any bullshit you said. I got to go. But super drunk women can't handle the rejects or she was just trying to explain. How do things let me explain? No, you've explained enough with your words. How do I know why I was wrong? You are insane lady. That's what's wrong. How do I just want to educate people? This is a weird ass time for that type of class. How do I know why? Come on. No, go away lady. Give me 30 seconds to explain. No, I don't want to talk with you. How do I walk away from you? Hey lady, you're acting like a rapist right now. I told you I don't want to talk with you because you can go on talking to them. But you are raping my ish on. I feel real threatened. No means no. I feel like her statistic was weird though. Three out of ten women that get raped don't report it. How you finding that out? Out of rapists calling in and saying, hey, hello? Yeah, I raped this girl. I don't think she's going to tell. But I know y'all do stats and stuff. So I want those stats to be accurate. So because I know sometimes crazy women like to have stuff to say in five in the morning. So I just want to make sure they have that and they just talking right when they... I got a jaywalk in ticket in Montreal. I couldn't believe it. I've jaywalked so many times in my life. It's such an easy thing to time out. Is there a car coming? No, let me get across to it. I've done it thousands of times. But this time it was me and this old lady. We were jaywalking together. We wanted to gather like that. But if we were, so what? My business? I just met y'all. So me and this old lady we get across the street did a Montreal cop approach as I speak in in French. That French? I said, hey man, I don't talk like that. That's not how I talk. Can you talk to me how I talk? I probably wasn't the best way to start off by interaction about my kind of native language. But who cares? I take risk in life. And he says, you were jaywalking and I said, sorry about that. And I tried to keep going about my day. Because I thought that's how jaywalking was handled as a crime. You were jaywalking. My bad. We're done here, right? That's it. I acknowledge that our jaywalk, I apologize. Not for the act of jaywalking, but how my jaywalking made you feel. I'm trying to do jaywalking in the future while you're watching. But trust me, do it the rest of my life. It's the best way to go about being a pedestrian. And he says, no, I have to give you a ticket. Give me your ID. I said, you don't understand. I only give people my ID for real stuff. This is not real. This is a fantasy crime that's true and forced to come and dump the fact that the city is having financial problems right now. The city is broke and it puts you out here with a quota. And that's fine. I will donate 60 of your colorful ass dollars to your broke ass city. But let's just do it like that. No paperwork and it's good. Guess what? Two more cops show up. Now we have three Montreal police officers working this high profile jaywalking case. Three cops for me and jaywalking. Fair enough. I decided during the time I was going to talk trash to the cops and it closes to me. Because I don't like him or what he represents. This can't be your childhood dream. When I grow up and we are police officers and when people cross the street illegal we're put to stop to that. Yeah. The world needs me. No, we don't. I hope you hate that party itself. So I kept talking trash to him because I realized he wasn't going to murder me. Which is a good thing to be able to read on the person. Hey, would this person kill me? I just shut up. Because cops have murdered unarmed men all over the country and been found not guilty. Why'd you kill that man? He didn't have any weapons. He was only talking to you. Yeah, he was talking to me, but his teeth look like 32 tiny white guns. So we shot him 32 times in the mouth. That sounds like reason before it's not guilty. What the hell? So I don't like this person at all. So I just want to mess with him and say whatever I could say to mess with him because he's wasting my time. So I said, hey, man, how much money do you make? Yeah, what's his fidgety thing to do? I'm aware. But you know what else is fidgeting? I have three cops working in a J-walking ticket. That's overkill. Only have two legs. That's a cop in a half per leg. That's a waste of city funds. That's what that city is broke now. And he told me how much he made. I don't know why he told me. He didn't have to tell me. And he said, how much do you make? And I told him. And he got upset. And he said, what do you sell drugs? I said, no, no, I don't sell drugs. It's kind of racist. What do you sell cars? Why don't you first two guesses? Ain't this dude is doing something illegal? People love buying supermills from. He's a charismatic guy. He had a hell out of a car. That was the only two jobs on open-size police office. I'm a dumb guy. My worldview is limited. And then I said, hey, man, your colleague here is 50 years old. And he's writing J-walking tickets for a living. Is he considered a failure as a police officer? Because I seem like some stuff that you should be doing. He was a younger guy. He was upset about that. He was trying to hold in and he was upset. But I could tell he was upset because the next thing he said was, oh, you're a cool guy, huh? I said, no, I'm not a cool guy. You're a cool guy. He said, yeah, I'm a cool guy. Just doing cool stuff, trying to be cool. I said, man, cool people never say shit like that. They gave me a $37 ticket for J-walking in a $440-foot-dollar ticket just for being an asshole. That's a must of cost to be an asshole to monitor your police. That's the case you price it out for your next vacation. But don't worry about me. I'm not paying either of them in Canada. It doesn't count to me. It's not real. I'm not paying a Canadian ticket. I get speeding tickets. I got a speeding ticket in Indiana going 80 and a 60 to office. The stop is saying, why are you going so fast? Because this car is awesome. That's why I was going so fast. You should be happy I was only doing 80. This car has 160 on the dash. You should be applauded my restraint right now. I was only doing half. Why was I going so fast? Because life is short and we all going die soon. And I want to minimize the time I spend on Indiana. I'm going to minimize the time I spend on Indiana State Road 37. Stayed in this road sucks. And all because if you saw it get speeded and why it's you speeded, catch up to me. You're a hypocrite. If you're a realick in speedy, you would have kept going to speedy. Let me watch me speedy. The other landing then just shook your head and judged me. Instead, we both was speeding for a moment. The end of the road wasn't any better for it. How you going to say that I can't do what I did when you did the exact same thing that I did just to catch up to me to say, don't do that. When I travel, I get rental cars. I put rims on them. When I bring them out, they go, what's all this? You owe me $1800. That's what all this is. I just hooked this Kia Serenza up. What's crazy with rental cars? Each charge you $9 a gallon if you don't bring back the gas tank full. That's why I make sure the tank is full when I bring it back. But I use up all the windshield wipers fluid. All the windshield wipers fluid is gone. My windshield is so clean and crisp. I use all the transmission fluid. I make so many transmissions to reverse the reverse, the reverse, the part that parked the neutral. Neutral to reverse, reverse, reverse the neutral. Neutral to reverse, reverse the neutral. Neutral to reverse the reverse the D2. I ride around the D2 for a little bit. Because I like how it sounds. It sounds way different than drive. I enjoy that. It's like the sequel to drive. D2 coming soon. That's your D33 day. I have fun with a rent car. Sometimes I leave bloody knives and stuff in the trunk. This is how it hurts people having to the pressure. I don't see anything. You see anything? I had a lot of fun in the city. I'm about to hop on this shuttle bus. I'll see you later. I always get the insurance, but I never wreck the car. That feels like a waste. I want to get my money to work. Next time I get the insurance, I'm hitting six of their causes. I return it. I'm dead. My bad, man. It looks like it hits six of your cause. But don't worry, I got the full coverage. So just email me that paperwork. And I'll sign off on it. I'm about to hop on this shuttle bus. I'll see you all later. Those are two so-so jokes, but I just like saying hop on this shuttle bus. I was at the airport. There was this kid four or five years old. Walking with his mommy, fixed his fingers in the fake gun, and it took a shot at me. Now I'm looking for water. See if there's something on the wall that could have been shooting at. Because I'm in denial. I look back at him. He looks me in my eyes. It takes two more shots. Now I'm hit three times. That was an active aggression. I have to defend myself. I'm a man before anything. I will point blank fake shoot this kid right here. And it's her eighth time. A little kid died. What now? Now what? Well, you look at that, Michael. Throw your kids. It's just like this won't happen in the airport. And everybody's getting fake shot. What's everybody else looking at? It's got nothing to do with you. America Airlines later get down right now. I shoot up a U.A. and your bank-up-ass company. My other airport nemesis is airport security. I don't like them at all. They seem so dedicated to keeping bottle water out of the sky. That's their main thing. It's probably easy to get cocaine on the plane than a bottle of water. Probably the only way you couldn't get cocaine on the plane if they looked at it and say, what is this? Powdered water. No, it's cocaine. Go right ahead and enjoy your flight. Because a terrorist tried to lick with bomb thing. I know nobody could bring liquids on the plane. One person messed it up for everybody. But I feel like that's being reactive instead of proactive. Because terrorists are trying new stuff. So next time it's going to be some type of Snickers bomb. After that happens, you can't bring four-size Snickers on the plane anymore. You're going to bring minutes of Snickers. It's one person messing up for everybody. Now you have security trying to negotiate the Snickers situation. Hey, is it all right if I bring four minutes of Snickers? That's about the same size as the four-size Snickers security. Don't play with me. This is not a game. We are saving the world one Snickers bar of time for your freedom in America. Relax, man. I'm just hungry. Stop yelling at me. You can't bring the bottle water, sir. Why not? It's not bomb water. What if I sift the water and show you that it's not bomb water? Or what if it's siftable bomb water? That's what some thing is siftable bomb water. You being silly right now, man. That's what some thing is bomb water. One day they stopped me for a desert and was screaming but the only screaming thing they rubbed the cloth on my hands and then they went and tested. They came back and said, all right, you good? Okay, cool. Good thing I didn't have bomb juice on my hands. Who's that? Who's got the bomb juice test? What if I did have bomb juice on my hands? What if one of my friends had a hammer before you go to the airport? Do you want to hold a bomb real quick? And I say, you know what I never had a bomb before? I'm open to new experience. Let me... That's pretty cool. Thanks, man. That was real cool. Then I get to the airport, they test my hands. They say, you have bomb juice on your hands. Is there anything you'd like to tell us? Yeah, one of my friends, he got a bunch of bombs and he said, you want to hold a bomb real quick before you go to the airport. And I never held a bomb before, so I thought it'd be something cool to do. I made sure not to bring the bomb with me. I was like, I'm going to hold a bomb for you. I'm going to hold a bomb for you. I'm going to hold a bomb for you. I made sure not to bring the bomb with me because I know y'all hate that. So I want to just hold a bomb real quick. I think you need to chill out and stop being jealous because I got all types of friends. Some of my friends own bombs and let me hold them. You need to open up your social circle and meet some new people. I hate when they try to make conversations with me. Are you going to New York for business or pleasure? I'm going to New York to talk about you in front of strangers. So I got some both. I don't want my glasses in my driver's license. But also one guy goes, can you take your glasses off? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure captain America is still me. Who are you catching like that? Are you seriously finding terrorists that only use glasses as a disguise? And you the TSAs and I cracking those cases? Can you take your glasses off? Damn it, no, how they buy me! 15 years, this disguise was foolproof. I like the simplicity of it. I think I need to take it off. Yeah, dude, it's still me, man. You wouldn't put the shirt on that I had on my license photo also. It's from eight years ago. I don't have that certainty, more. One time I went to the DMV, the woman working at the DMV said, oh wow, you don't turn 29 until you're birthday. You're not going to be a birthday party. You're not going to be a birthday party. You're not going to be a birthday party. You're not going to be a birthday party. So wait, do I kill myself or do you kill yourself? Because we both can't be on this world together. One of us has to go. I'm willing to make the sacrifice just to not be in a place where you are. If this is old in times, you'd be tied to a cinder block and thrown in the ocean. Because I don't have to be a part of it. I'm not going to be a part of it. I'm not going to be a part of it. I'm not going to be a part of it. I'm not going to be a part of it. If this is old in defense, you're not going to be with us if giving away the linemakers the likes if you had, so you call yourself home and the talldoo with jam. But when the wind blow on your head? L superficial cakes, palaces, some more things work out. After a couple oftt ago, I just pulled back and I just told the entertainment I'm not sitting on this plane. He was sad as I got a shit on the plane. And it was acceptable to say, I guess I got a shit on this plane. And it was happy, as yo, I'm shit in the sky. I went through a lot. APPLAUSE That. That pooped joke is for the DVD. That's not going to make celebration at all. I was on a flight from Atlanta back to New York. Former president Jimmy Carter was on the same flight as me. Before the flight took off, he walked through a shook everybody's hand that was on board. Yo, are you running for president of this flight? How you gonna solve everybody wants to meet you? Won't you a one-time president? You a bad at your job. And why are you flying commercial? So many questions for Jimmy Carter. I also shook his hand, because it seemed like the right thing to do. I don't want to mess up his handshake and float. He seemed to be in. Who knows? I don't shake his hand. He goes in the shot, passes out right there on the spot. Now we're super delayed. But I should've just fist bumped him. Because I was sitting in 34D. So by the time he got to meet, that means he had 30 plus rows, a nasty gross shit from around the world on his hands. Who knows the president 1A? He was doing what his hands 1A could've been touching on his travel balls. He had a layover. So we had two way has bomb wad on his hands. Two B has bomb juice on her hands. On and on and on, the 30 plus rows of nasty shit Jimmy Carter had on his hands when he touched my, where's the hands sanitizer Jimmy Carter? Because you do this every flight, and you know it's Jimmy Carter. You should be prepared. He had three secret service agents with them. Why? Nobody's trying to murder Jimmy Carter. Who's blooded out? We have to kill 80 year old former president Jimmy Carter. Like, hey man, why don't we just let time kill Jimmy Carter? Replyed his level, had it co-conspirator. You know why you had the secret service with him? Because if he didn't, honestly, I would've known it was Jimmy Carter. I would've said, who was his old ass man for first class trying to check everybody's hand and where's his hands sanitize? This is what it's disgusting. I hate it. But the girl sitting next to me was so excited to meet Jimmy Carter. And he was like, oh my gosh, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. It's never happens in life. What? You're a lot of stuff never happens in life. But I was gonna make it good because it's happening for the first time. I never been stabbed before if I get stabbed for the first time. Whoa, it was just happening to me right now. Ah! I never been attacked like this when it started webbing, piercing my flesh so violently. I never seen so much blood. Never felt such pain. Thank you for this experience. I feel sleepy on the pain. I like the drink. I only like the drink of people that could hold their liquor. I was out with this girl. I bought some drinks. We go back to my hotel room. She started throwing up the drinks that I bought. All of them in my hotel room. It was very upset. It was like she was throwing up my money on my money. Very upset. So many levels. Really not that many levels. People overused that. It was messed up on so many levels. I was like, oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. It was messed up on so many levels, man. Up real, why don't you name the levels? Level three, matter of physical, I level setup, man. You being dramatic right now. I was at this music festival. I was walking up the stairs to my hotel. There was this man walking down the stairs. This man started throwing up down the stairs. Luckily the vomit missed me. I don't know why I don't have done it. If it hit me, are you supposed to fight somebody if they throw up on you? Hey, man, can throw your body. Can throw your insides. My stage punching is horrible. I do your tax. I put it, give me $40 in your left shoe. That's the vomit tax. You son, drink some water and go to bed. But really upset me is this man was 40 years old at least. And if you 40, I don't think you should be throwing up from alcohol anymore. You should know your limits, man. You have a family in a mortgage. You hit this. You're throwing up from vodka. You should be a champion yourself. So I'm 28. I haven't thrown up from alcohol in seven years because whenever I feel the urge to throw up, I'm able to channel that energy out into, uh, Hadookin' because I'm a goddamn warrior. I'm an urban warrior and I mean, urban, I mean I live in a city not urban to me, black how white people use it. I was at this bar in Minnesota. I saw a bunch of people. They were drinking and they had the same teacher. They were having a pub crawl for cancer. So they was drinking all day to raise money for cancer. So basically getting one disease while fighting another. Next month they having a cocaine, snowed off to raise money for leukemia. All right, let's raise this money for leukemia, man. Yeah? Ah! Yeah, leukemia, yeah. One more level, leukemia. Ah, you'll not take my brother! LAUGHTER Ah! I don't, I don't believe in cancer walks. Well, I believe in them because they exist, but... I rather just give money straight up and save my Saturday afternoon. I can make my aunt's shirt, that's not in the center. Plus, I don't think cancer responds to how far people walk. LAUGHTER I don't think cancer's sitting. How many people walk how far? How many people walk how far? Why in the same shirt? That's crazy. I'm out of here. Remission. LAUGHTER You have money. Whenever people going through a struggle in life to get really clich, they say stuff like, I'm taking it one day at a time. I'm just taking it one day at a time. You know who else is? Everybody, because that's how time works. That's the only way you can take time. When you're doing it a week at a time before, who are you? Who talks you out of do that? Please teach me how to do that. I want to get through this quick or two. I don't like what people say. I'll pray for you. I'm going to pray for you. Pray for you. You're going to pray for me. You're going to sit at home and do nothing. That's what your prayer is. Are you doing nothing while I struggle with a situation? Don't pray for me. Make me a sandwich of something. Because I'm very upset right now and I can't make my own sandwiches. So that'd be cool. If you made me a sandwich instead of praying, it was kind of lazy. Take action. Well, we'll keep hearing our thoughts with the other bullshit in your head now. Keep me out of your thoughts. Because I hear some of the stuff you talk about. And that's a close to what you're thinking about. I don't want to be around at all. So keep me and my family out of your thoughts unless you're thinking about making us sandwiches. I was at a front desk of a hotel and the front desk layed a screaming, oh Jesus! Jesus, oh Jesus! I said, what's wrong? My back, my back has just been killing me for months. So you should try viking it. She said, no, I'm trying Jesus. I said, no, you should try viking. And she said, you should try Jesus. She said, no, my back is great. You should try half Jesus, half viking it. To get that out your back, maybe real viking and placebo Jesus for your back. I don't go to church. Sometimes people be holy ghost and I can't get with that. People, I think the holy ghost is just the reason for people to dance like an asshole sober. Oh, shit, I love it. Hey, for real? Yeah, look at me, I love Jesus. I'm sweating. I'm sweating so much for the Lord. Why are you goofing off like that? I think I'm going to be a little bit more to do. Why are you goofing off like that? I think you're still a good person if you sit down. I think the holy ghost is fake, because people only get in search when they dance around other people that's holy ghost. I was surprised that rapper hasn't took that and made it into a dance already. Do the holy ghost. Do the holy ghost. Do the holy ghost, man. Do the holy ghost. Yeah, I did it. Sit on camera. No rappers can still in front of me. Do the holy ghost. Do the holy ghost. I think the holy ghost is fake. Nobody ever gets the holy ghost anywhere else. Nobody ever gets the holy ghost in armies. Like, what? Bipin' bipin'. Bipin'. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This is liquor that some baron naked chick. That's cool. It's a good bar. Bad strip club. They danced to awful songs on white strip clubs. I wanna see you dance to Marilyn Manson, the dope show. I thought it was chick dancing. She was dancing to Madonna Take-Up. Oh, it's big. Like, why are you dancing to that? Now I'm thinking of the video. It was sad, but the matter deal. He died of something. I'm a dead of some. Why don't you dance to the songs that rappers made specifically for the strip club? Shut that ass while I throw money that I made selling crack, like yo, this is good. This is good music for this environment. I got, I'm a big rap fan. I went to a concert I saw this group, Art Future for Forum. They had some good songs. But the closing, the hook to that closing song was, kill people, burn shit, fuck school. Kill people, burn shit, fuck school. But it doesn't seem like they're getting more reasonable as they go along. I kill people that's murder, that's awful. Burn shit, it depends on what you burn it, right? This is a control fire, go ahead, do your things. Fuck school, that's just truancy. What are you standing on, man? I'm gonna get my ass weak, who has a misclass before. You're gonna get more and more reasonable in a rap. Kill people, burn shit, fuck school. I hate spam, email. That's annoying. You think you gotta email from a friend of this already? It's spam. Stop asking for my emotions. Now, hey, hotel TV's. Why don't we start on the menu channel instead of the channel I was watching already? I've already seen limitless. Why does iTunes keep trying to get me to download a new version? I got a new version a couple days ago and found with this version that plays music. This is rap for young GZ. He has a song where he says, How stupid, dumb big, my rooms got rooms. At night, GZ, those are closets. Those are extra rooms in your rooms. GZ. He'd be the worst real estate agent ever. Right here, we have a 34-bedroom house. Let me show you around a property. Great feature. This place, some of the rooms have extra smaller rooms in them. You have to sleep in these rooms like this. Very unique sleeper situation. Inspired by the Japanese. Let me show you to the bathroom. The bathroom is great. You have a regular size tub. Do we have a minute to tub? Let's sing. I feel like rap affects how I talk to people too much. It's not good. I was talking with my mom on the phone and she was telling me, She had a voice, so I'm watching your niece and nephew for a week. Why your sister is gone? For a week, ma? They watch you for a whole week. I'll be paying you to watch you for a week. That's a long time. You can pay. She said, no, how do I put a grandmother does not get paid to watch her grandkids? I said, y'all, ma, money over everything. That's not helping. So it's all like a drunk and I get an argument with taxi drivers and I get out the cab and I slam the door. That's not the way to win an argument with a taxi driver. The way to win is you get out the cab and you leave the door open. You need to step out, come around and close that door. Why are you doing that? I'm on the other side opening the other doors. And we just keep going around and around and around and around. Like I'm on Benny Hill situation going on in life. Great. I get upset easily, Bob. He was on a phone. He had the phone between his ear and his shoulder like that. But he didn't have anything in his hands. It was just really upset. Who the hell do you think you are? This action just for people that are multitasking. Where's the other task? You're not doing anything, Gels. I was hoping somebody threw a pump in there. The game's still here. You won't believe it. Somebody just threw a pump in there, me man. Yeah, but don't worry. You know what my phone technique is. Yeah, I keep my hands free. You never know. It's going to happen. I had these crazy streets. These streets are so crazy. Why am I still holding this pump in? Hello? I was back home in Chicago in the summer. And I get an email from this nightclub saying, I don't have a team. I just have friends. So I just call up my friend. Hey, man, I know you're my friend, but I need a team right now. I'm putting together a team. So I put together a team. We go to the club after walk-up to this guy. Hey, man, I'm Hannibal Barris. This is my team right here. Then he starts examining my team. And then he goes, you know what? He's like, I'm just going to be a team. I'm going to be a team. I'm going to be a team. I'm going to be a team. I'm going to be a team. Then he starts examining my team. Hey, man, your team is four dudes and one girl. Hey, listen, it was a hastily assembled team. It's not my ideal team makeup, but y'all email me. Let us in. So we get in the club. I'm not a club person. I'm more of a bar, lounge type of person, but I'll go anywhere if you give me a free bottle of alcohol. Most places. Hey, Hannah, we want to hang out in this room for the tarantulas and snakes? Yeah. Is this free licking or a rom? I ain't got it. I'll stop and shit out of tarantulas and I'll have to shit out of a snake and just drink them free drinks. There's nothing. And then we'll go to the other lounge where Sadoel throwing knives at you the whole time. But it's not that stuff. He might nick you at first, but then you get in so rhythm. And you die to drink. Die to drink. Don't be a pussy about it. So we get in the club. It's a weird place. I look around and say, everybody standing on couches doing this shit. I'm like, why is everybody doing that? I love the domes. You standing on the couch with a phone to sit on the couch after you do that. That's brilliant. But it's infectious, three drinks, and I start. And it's funny when you have bottle service in a club like that, with this pretty expensive girls, it's come up to you. Hey, what's going on? What's up? Hey, I'm like, whoa, all this for a bottle of absolute. Wow. You wouldn't act like that about walking with you on the street with a bottle of absolute. Hey, what's going on? Girl, I have this $30 bottle of Mitt Level Walker. I want to drink this straight on the curb with me. I love you. So packed and so packed. This one guy somehow, he was drunk. He knocked all of the liquor and juice off the table. Somehow, he says a kick me in the face. I don't even know how he got that angle. I'm wobbly. And then he even acknowledged that he did any of that. He just kept the move. I'm a view. And that's my least favorite thing about clubs. Even people bump you without saying excuse me. I wish I could fart on every person that does that. But I can't time out my first like that. So I just stood about it. So I was getting late. I just had to walk around the club one more time. And of course, it's crowded. I'm getting pushed. I said, hey, man, you are pushing me right now. He said, I'm sorry. I was just trying to get through. I said, yeah, you can get through without pushing the shit out of me. And he says, relax. I said, no, you relax. Because you are pushing people right now. And he said security. And in two security guards come out of nowhere. It swooped down. They give me out of the club. They take a full drink out of my hands, kind of disappointed. So apparently, that guy was the owner. But if you the owner just announced yourself, hey, man, relax. I own a place. I said, for real. Well, thanks for that absolute. Do I also have a man? I live in New York. There's a lot of dudes in my neighborhood that have hand-dough bar moustaches. With this cool, if you want to have a hand-dough bar moustache, but don't try to have a conversation with me, like you don't have a hand-dough bar moustache, and try to talk about regular stuff, like music and politics, not, dude. If you got a hand-dough bar moustache, I don't want to eat talk about it slinkies and kazoo's. And that's it. Talk about kazoo's for a few minutes. If you go hop on unicycling juggle, you kind of face motherfucker. Yeah. Tackling real issues up here. I'm the Lenny Brulson, Frostree Store, and Moustache Humor. Edgy Moustache Humor, the Hannibal Burris story. My name is Hannibal. That's my real name. I feel like having this name has caused me to miss out on several potential sexual encounters. And what's your name is Hannibal? All right, bye. Since I'm a real dude, that's a movie dude that just doesn't mean I'm a... That's not a film. Every day I had a same conversation with people about my name. Your real name is Hannibal. Yes, my real name is Hannibal. Your parents named you Hannibal. Yeah, my parents named me Hannibal. So Hannibal is on your birth certificate. Yes, Hannibal is on my birth certificate. But why? You just asked me the same question in three different ways. I want to choke that person to see how they handle that. Are you choking me right now? Yeah, I'm choking you right now. Are you using your hands to block force to my neck? Yeah, I'm using my hands to block force to your neck. Are you trying to stop the circulation of blood and oxygen to my brain? So I passed out. That's what you're trying to stop the circulation of blood and oxygen to your brain. So you're passed out. Sometimes when I travel, I go to Facebook and search what Facebook friends I have in that city. And I'll hit them up. And I saw this girl's picture and I said, hey, what's up? I'm doing shows. What are you up to? And then I press send. And I read her profile and they said, brandy, attend and I'll be a high school. I say, oh shit. So I said a second message that, uh oh, hi, hi, never mind. But the way Facebook message and works, if you send a message in a second message before they reply to the first message, it combines those into one message. So it looks like I said, hey, what's up with me, town doing shows. What are you up to? Uh oh, hi, never mind. Like I'm some type of regretful petaphyl as um, what happens is that's not sent to message. So I just sent a third message. I couldn't leave it like that. I said, brandy, Facebook message and combines the message that I'm going to send. Brandy, Facebook message and combines the messages. I sent a message saying, what's up? Then I started to get what's 6, 10. I sent another message that never mind. It combined those into one message, making me look like a regretful petaphyl. This is the third message it is right here. Goodbye for all. Goodbye for two years. Scouting. I'm going to see. This month, I bought the power move on my landlord. I wrote my rent check for once in less than what my rent is. We had to stay down. Yes, once in less. Now what? What now? Front door's messed up. You need to fix that. The room light is all weird. You need to fix all that stuff. Before I got the other tenants for next month's one penny movement, you stand a little bit. You stand a little too to eight cents, depending on participation levels, money over everything. My other name is Sins Life is my teenage cousin. I don't like him at all. I think he's a horrible person. And I hope he doesn't get into college. If one of y'all is whipping his ass right now, I let you give four more hits in before I stop. Hey, hey, hey, hey, get off my cousin, man. You know, he's so stressed about my comedy. Hey, Hannibal. We're watching you stand up on Y'all's top. It wasn't funny, man. So I had to figure out, working on a safe back to the 17-year-old boy that had destroyed him, because I'm not letting this slide on very petty. And I figured it out. And that's a secues him of masturbating, because teenagers can't handle that. Their psychies are weak. I say, what, man, you coming from Jag and all? No, I was a Jag and all Hannibal. Why would you say that? Do not Jag and all, but we'll never Jag and all. Get out of here, Hannibal. Why you want me to get out of here, so you could Jag and all? No! I'm gonna work on me. I'm 28. You say Hannibal, you Jag and all? Yeah. That's how it was, Jag and all. I was Jag and all. So I can have sex for longer later. That's grown man stuff. I'm planning out my life. LAUGHTER Sometimes when I watch porn, I put my hoodie on, so I feel creepier. LAUGHTER Yeah! Sometimes I get under the computer, so it feels like I'm spying on him again. LAUGHTER Everybody needs some masturbation hoodie, in my opinions. Necessary. You have to keep your top warm because your bottom is exposed. Life is all about balance. LAUGHTER Yeah. I like the women that talk about being bad, but not too talkative. I'll explain. LAUGHTER There's one girl, her senses were too long. I feel like the senses are the women should be short. Clips senses, three to five words. Look at my clips, up my hips. You like that? Yeah, I like that. I spank my ass. So it senses this, but she was saying stuff like, what was it about me at the bar that made you want to come up to me and talk to me initially? In my bed? Well, what happened was the girl that I was really going for. She left, so I had a lot of licking. I mean, I wasn't going to give up on the night. But what was it? Why were you so drawn to me? Because I thought you wouldn't do this shit right here. She just kept talking. How about let's build something special, let's build something special. I want you to fuck me all night. You're going to fuck me all night. Nah, not at all. How long are you going to fuck me between 17 and 21 minutes? Well, she talked so much. It was horrible the first time ever came fast out of spite. Like, I got to come and go to bed and sleep off your personality. You put me in a funny mental place. I probably have a weird dream, because of you. LAUGHTER I mean, it's amazing. I met this one girl that borrowers three in the morning. We asked some drinks, go back to her place, four in the morning. We get there. She says, all right, don't try to hook up with me. Don't try to hook up. You just brought me a stranger back to your place that four in the morning. What's your motivation? Because you couldn't possibly think I want to talk with you this long. And she said, I would like to hook up. But I recently had an abortion. I said, well, do you want to have another one? I just say that. I would never say something like that. I was out. Fixed in face. Don't look at me like that. I would say that. Why would she tell me that, though? You know, I don't deserve that information from you. You just met me. Where are your boundaries? You are oversharing right now. You know, I am. I got good buddies that don't even know how many siblings I have. And you tell me this, an hour in, whatever girl is going to be all right. You just take it one day at a time. And I will pray for you. And keep you in my thoughts. People went crazy for Black Friday. It was weird. And people camp out for the deals. Yeah, you got to deal. But you camped out. That negates the deal. I rather pay poor price and sleep in my bed. Yeah, I don't want to buy gifts for people. I'm fine with buying gifts for people. But it's just the time. I wish I could just give people the amount of money that correlates that much. I love them. I love you. It's $500. You are here. It's $37. I hate you. Give me $50. I lost my debit card recently. I had five charges on before I called it. First charge. $30. Chucky cheese. Who goes to Chucky cheese? As soon as they found a debit card. Are you serious? Have you found this debit card? Who's on for some horrible piece and whack them all? Let's go right now. Who's on from Flat Pemps in your air hockey? Let's get it while we can. Time is up the S. This is about to cancel this, y'all. First charge, Chucky cheese. Second charge, $170. A target, $330. That wall, my fourth charge, $18 on gas. Fifth charge. Chucky cheese again. What type of monster are you? You having a fun the first time? My card can still be bought nine-year-old. It's about some horrible, broke father. You can find the tickets, kids. I will. My money. I hope they had a horrible time on the second out. I hope the piece of made his family sick. And I hope his kids never learn to read. Then another time, my card, if I'll got stolen. Somebody has charged up crazy stuff in California. I live in New York. Two separate $400 charges that Barnes and Noble. Who balls out of control that Barnes and Noble? Because I've been more than 80 bucks there. And I hate these are fraud prevents from that. No, I'm not the type of guy that spent $800 and 30 minutes on books. You don't want to call me and check that one out? Oh, we thought maybe you went on a knowledge bench. Nah. Nah, I didn't go on a knowledge bench. That wasn't me. Why didn't you call me? You know what your whole heart that wasn't me. I really wish you would have called me. Sometimes you called me for some of the silliest stuff. Hey, Mr. Burris, fraud preventers is doing the courage. You call 100 verifiers, $3 charge on bread. Two blocks away from your house. Yeah, that was me spending $3 on bread. Two blocks away from my house. But that was a me spending $800 on books across the fucking country. And the $600 charge that bad bad to beyond. So I know I was dealing with a woman that loofabind, how many body watch did she need? Hope that she's gave a family bed bugs. And I also, my kids never learned to read. Never kids already know how to read. I hope they forget how to read. Then they can get uses out of $800 worth of books. And I know some of y'all tired of when I called that woman a cop. But somebody's still more than $1,000 from me. I call them what the fuck I want. But I can't front though. When I was 13, I found a credit card in the ATM. When straight to choice, I rushed to rank up a PlayStation. Me, 13-O Black, who would have credit cards. The name on it is John Hammersmith. And with full confidence, I walk over Mr. Hammersmith's card. They look at it. Yeah, that's my card. It's my stepdad's card. John Hammersmith, I'm authorized. Can you stay right here? Nah. That's staying right here. That sounds kind of set up. How about we just go our separate ways? Forever. Yeah, we just go our separate ways. Forever. So I've gained weight on fast, yeah. People love to tell you where you gain weight. They give you no advice after it. Hey, you got fat. All right. See you later. That's it. I picked up a man's health magazine. I only picked up one. Don't need to subscribe. It's the same magazine every month. Give rock hard apps. Check out these shirts. Here's some stuff to say to fuck girls. Every issue. Six pack apps. Ten pack apps. Twelve pack. What if I want an odd number of apps? What if I want a five pack to show people I'm still humble? Yeah, what a handle do to isolate that flap right there, man? He has five monsters and one piece of flap right there. How much does this dude hate symmetry? The weirdest people in my life talk to me about my weight. My grandmother. How do you gain weight? What does this mean, grandma? We can't fuck anymore. Hey, why are you talking to me about my weight? You're my grandmother. How do you gain weight? Your teeth are really sagging, grandma. Why are we talking about it's other bodies right now? I don't know what some other base was. I was just being defensive. I do it at restaurants. Whenever I eat at a restaurant, I never put the napkin in my lap. I never put the napkin in my lap. People say, how do I put the napkin in your lap? Because I believe in myself. I believe in myself. I believe in my ability to not spill food in my pants, because I'm a goddamn adult. And I've mastered the art of getting food from my plates, and my mouth without messing up my jeans, either believing in yourself too, and get your life together. That's for babies. Have some confidence in your eating abilities, and hand eye coordination. Believe in yourself. Believe in yourself. Like one of those weird ass clothing stores that only have six shirts in them. So many questions. How much do these shirts cost? How long have y'all been here? Why is there a DJ? A little bit of store. Ain't cannot check on this shirt. Now I'm spending right now. My judgment gets messed up more by food and juice than it does by drugs. I have two examples of this. I'm waiting at the airport. I bought a McRiddle, bacon egg and cheese. I go to the airport, stop the security. Go get a newspaper. I get to my gate. The McRiddle is gone. Very upset. I go back to what I bought the news paper from. Excuse me. I found a bacon egg and cheese. McRiddle is very important to me. It had a hash brown with it if you need clothes. They said, no, I walked back to my gate and defeated the American Airlines. They said, it's your name, Hannibal Burst. Yeah, it is. I write my name on the McRiddle with something. She says, no, you dropped your passport here. But I didn't realize I dropped my passport because I was so busy trying to recover a bacon egg and cheese. McRiddle, I didn't care about international travel with whatever. Going to other countries is overrated. Where's the one finding McRiddle? Those are scarce. I love apple juices. My favorite of the juices. One day, me and my girlfriend go to the grocery store, my express press natural apple juice $1.79 for a half gallon. That's a great sale. We get eight bottles. Eight bottles is all we have on the belt. In front of us is the old man looking back, and he's shaking his head. No, no. What's wrong? Oh, man, you mad. Because we have all this apple juice. You can go get some too. So for that now, for, but if not, stop judging us. Hell yeah, we are hoarding apple juice, taking advantage of this sale. Before this store realized what a horrible mistake they may. And you know what? We're back here happy with the apple juice. You're up there lonely with the chili and your beans. You lonely, chilling your beans. You know, man. But it took me a minute to realize he wasn't shaking his head because of the apple juice. He was shaking his head because my girlfriend was white. And he didn't agree with that. But I was so caught up in it you for if having all that apple juice. That for a minute, I lived in this world where racism didn't exist. There was obvious that his old man is just an apple juice, hey, though. And he's just mad because he can't get all the apple juice that I'm getting right now. Hey, thanks a lot, y'all. I appreciate you all coming. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
The of the of ten Please welcome to the bring now, Mr. Hant, great! Thank you, thank you very much. Thank you for being here. Thank you for being here. All right, how's this, huh? One more top of the green mill everybody, this place is fantastic. What an honor to be doing this at the green mill. Whoever said stand up couldn't be cool was right. But they did not know that I would be shooting a special at the green mill and calling it Top Gun 3. It's good to see you guys, good to be out, good to share your biology again, huh? It was a while, it was a long couple years there. I handled COVID like I always handled herpes. A tested negative. And there's just no way that's right. There's no way. There's no way that's right, just based on where I've been. I'm going to say those are false negatives. I'll tell you this though, if the vaccine was for herpes we wouldn't be fighting like this as a country. Nobody would be dragging their heels on the herpes vaccine. 0.0 US Americans are not getting the herpes vaccine. Chicago, nobody's walking off the job because they didn't want to get the herpes vaccine. No firefighters are trading their pensions for cold source guys. That's what I'm trying to say. No truck drivers are clogging up a bridge because they're mad about the herpes vaccine mandate. I don't know if you guys know any truck drivers but they're going to be the first ones to get the herpes vaccine. 10.4 good buddy, I'll take 10 more for all my favorite ladies at the gasoline yard. So them guys can get back to work. Oh, that's good. I'm good. Right before the pandemic I got my identity theft. The taken. Stolen. Married is what I'm married. I got married. Come on, she's a wonderful woman. How would you confuse those two things? It felt like a bit of a smashing grab. I gotta be honest. Everything I thought I knew gone in an instant. No, she's wonderful. She's a better person than me, my wife. That's a risk. Being with a better person than you, you know what I'm talking about. Because now it's in my head every day I wake up, maybe she just did this because I look like I needed help. I don't need that kind of doubt in my life. I don't need that kind of doubt in my life. Do I got a sandbag this? If I get functional does she move on to the next town? Like Bruce Banner? Save some other elderly fuck boy. I don't want to disappoint her but I can't have her thinking her work here is done. Every once in a while I suggest we get a roommate. Just to keep runner toes. Now you guys, I'm sorry, I do have to kind of got a power through this tonight. I finally got my booster shot and now I can't feel my freedom. Thank you. I'm serious. Right when the needle hit my skin. Right when the needle hit my skin I can feel my pocket constitution burst into flames. Right there in my banana republic cargo pants. I had to get a new set of cargo pants. I lost a perfectly good pair of outlet mall tactical cargo pants to that damn booster shot. Right when the science was soaking into my loins I could feel my musket slip out of my hands. Right there into the Potomac. I went from Walgreens to the Potomac to apologize to the ghost of George Washington. And he wouldn't look me in my eyes and I panicked and I dropped my musket and floated to the bottom where Rachel Maddow was waiting. With her bony little mad al fingers and she caught my musket and she kept it. Not cool science. Not cool. Not good job science. Proud of you. But people aren't impressed by science anymore. They're not impressed. Start throwing curveball science. Give them something to look at. Here you go science, when you impress me give a pig a person heart. Just one time science. You never even thought about that. We're constantly giving people pig hearts. What do they do? They lay around, they sleep and eat, they do a bunch of pig stuff. Yeah, it's boring. It's boring. Just one time make me a pig and do some people stuff science. One time make me a pig that can join a climbing gym or make me a pig I can enjoy a rom-com with. Science. Guys, don't worry. My wife is a nurse which makes me a doctor. And... It's been a good year. It's been a good year to be a brand new doctor. Because I mean now more than ever we need real medical professionals. Now more than ever, half the country got PhDs on YouTube last year. So I'll fight that fight. Somebody said some nonsense to me. I'll look them straight in the face. I'll stack some shit I halfway listened to. Right up on top of something else I changed a channel before they were done explaining it. I'll push it right across the bar, if they're asked. Call it research. You gotta call it research. That way they know you didn't read it. Don't like it when you read some shit. That calls into question. They're work ethic and the whole conversation is lost. I'll call it research to their mother fucking face and then they know they're dealing with a medical professional. I hope everybody's okay. I hope everybody's okay. Did anybody else lose a family member to QAnon? The real pandemic? My name's Nate. I'm from Wisconsin. I was born in Indiana through a tire swing. So this QAnon shit is affecting me directly. If you don't know what QAnon is, it's a video game that hillbillies get to live inside of. And I was not prepared. I had never lost a cousin to Super Mario Brothers before. What it is, that's what it is. It's a, it's Super Mario Brothers. If the princess were supposed to save is my cousin's wife. Mandy. Tell me more Mandy. Everything I know about QAnon. I know from Mandy's Instagram story. I guess, I guess that the Democratic Party and the Hollywood elite, which I am one of, are running a baby huffing dungeon where they huff the steam off of babies. That's how they get their power. That's why Nancy Pelosi's dentures look like they're going to eat her own face every morning. Just snorting at hot, hot baby steam. Also, maybe in just real quick, in defense of baby huffing, is some of the country not huffing babies? It's one of the finest things in life. I mean, I don't even have kids. I just, any chance I get to huff a baby I'm doing it. And I would just recommend it. Maybe you'd calm down a little bit, but anyway. No, I will say this though. I think the pandemic was hardest on the whites. Because we already wanted to talk to the manager. We already wanted to talk to the manager. And now everybody wanted to talk to the manager. That line used to be all ours. And now we had to do it through a mask. Obviously, we had to do it through a mask. We had to explain the constitution. We had to pretend that we read the constitution. Through a mask. While destroying a beachwear display. To somebody that might not be the manager. I mean, we'll do it. We did it. And we'll do it again. If that's what we have to do. If that's what we have to do to protect against the things that are founding fathers warned us against. We will leave no self-checkout screen unslabbered upon. So that we can explain personal sovereignty to somebody that just smoked weed in a loading dock. That is what my people will do for you. You ever even thought about that? Others? Nobody wants to work anymore. I want everyone's fire. I want everyone associated with this decision. Fire! It's easy, asshole. Nobody wants to work anymore. Nobody wants to help you. Just don't be the biggest asshole at Bevmo. And you're good. You want people to help you just be in line in front of that guy. And they'll do everything that you need. It's a good person. They'll carry your plastic vodka bottles to your Rev 4 for you, buddy. I want everyone fired. Nobody wants to work. That Kim Kardashian told me that on Instagram. Nobody wants to work anymore. Nobody wants to work. Give back to work. Thanks, Kim. Really appreciate it. Wrong messenger. You know what I mean? Wrong messenger. Thank you, Kim. What happened, Kim? Did nobody help you at the implant warehouse? Do you have any more opinions? You can help us through this. The current landscape of corporate servitude, Kim. What are your opinions on Automization, Kim? I would bet the middle third of my dick. That Kim Kardashian never changed a vacuum bag. Get in there, Kim. Fight the good fight. Let us know your thoughts on mechanization when you get a shot. Thanks very much for coming out. Especially parents. You did the heavy lifting in that pandemic. You really did. I appreciate you. I don't know. Anybody else without kids? Did you guys call your friends with kids during the pandemic? Oh man. Just chaos. It was chaos. My buddy Ari. He was a stay-at-home dad during the pandemic. He's got a three-year-old and a five-year-old. I would call him and just every call sounded like he'd called 911 and dropped the phone. He would answer, too, right? Because he was all day for him. He's like, oh, dude, dude. What's up? Dude, hold on. Are you bleeding? What's going on? What's happening? Sadie. No. Sadie. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on my neck. Let me hug you. No, no, hold on my neck. Oh baby, my neck. Oh baby, my neck. My neck. Oh baby, my neck. And Tisou, hold on, dude, I got, bro, I got cheers, I don't know being bike cheers, there's cheers, and every car I got. Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, wait for your brother, Sadie, twin brother, Sandad laughs and I got to call you back. He could drop the phone in his minivan. I'd be in my garage with no responsibilities. Just like, oh my God. Smoking weed, like what's gonna happen to say to you? Tune in next week to see if say to get Sir Juice. Oh. I think I'd be a good dad. It's almost hurtful. I'm a good person. I know it's not something a good person has to say. My worst fear is getting a kid stuck in a ceiling fan. You ever do that? You're a tall guy. You never jam a kid up in a ceiling fan? Never once? What do you got? That nice high-lofted ceilings in your condo that you own? It's convenient. Nobody ever rents their ceiling fans anymore. I'm the only one. I'm the only one with six-foot-five-inch ceiling fans. It's just perfect. There he is. My boy. Lewis, not even born yet. It's already got a 16-inch scar above his left eye. I think I'm a good person. Get a kid stuck in a ceiling fan. That's a bad time to find out you're not a good person. I just don't... I think I'll adopt. Get like a 16-year-old. Yeah. You agree with me. It's a good strategy. Get him across a finish line real quick. Pick one with a scholarship. You laugh because it's a foolproof plan. I just don't ever want to have to get an infant through an airport. That looks like rock bottom. You ever see two adults at the airport just getting laughed? By one little organ grinder monkey off its leash. Grab and snacks and harassing federal agents. They're just tangled up in charger cables with no words left, getting a divorce and silence. Just... Fighting over whose turn it is and silence. You ever see an actually outnumbered adult at the airport? That's rock bottom. So I'm mom trying to get three kids through security. She just... Quit in her eyes. It's a dead look in her eyes. She was just... She was kicking shit. She was... Challenging TSA agent. She looked like she wanted to get arrested. She was like, huh? Kicking a bear through the swiper, man. You can't... Like, huh? What? Who? What? These? Yeah. They're mine. This one's got a bomb in her, huh? He's got a gun. She's got a bomb. I'm gonna go somewhere to a room with a couch. Take me to that? Yeah, I'll go. Take me to the room with a couch, where I can close my eyes for the first time in 18 calendar months. I think I'll go to the couch room now, huh? Plusy, how about the couch room? No, I did not pack my own bags. Two brown men, I didn't recognize that. Couch room now? Couch room now? My wife says I'm not nice. Fine. A good person. It can't be both. It's disgusting. She's your good person, doesn't mean you have to be nice. And just because you're nice does not mean you're a good person. The rudest thing anybody ever said to me was, I'll pray for you. Which is a very nice thing to say to someone. If you know they believe what you believe. But if they don't believe what you believe, I'll pray for you. It's a motherfucking threat. I'll pray for you. I'm gonna pray for you. I pray that's okay. Don't worry about that. No, I'll pray for you. No, I'm gonna pray for you. I mean, it's not gonna work. You're gonna be downstairs. You're gonna be bound up. Some sort of trapped in. Some sort of haunt. You're gonna haunt some building someday. You're gonna be in hell for eternity. You're gonna not like your life. You're the eternity that was chosen for you based on your behavior and your demon-like tentations. It's gonna be a bad situation. I'm gonna be upstairs. I'm gonna be up in a different place than you. But I'll pray for you. I'm gonna be getting a foot rub and having by whatever slaves they have up there. But I'll pray for you. No thanks. I got kicked out of Sunday school. No, the rudest thing anybody ever said to me is somebody told me I had resting bitch face. First of all, maybe we take it easy on our bitches. They're resting. How would you like it if every time you tried to take a nap somebody compared you to unhappy people? Also, why are you so familiar with what resting bitches look like? You be spying on bitches? Maybe these bitches should be worried about what you look like. Maybe these bitches should be describing nap time creep face to the authorities. I did get kicked out of Sunday school. That should sound my resume. I grew up in a cathedral. I was just there. My dad was a... I did not sleep there. My dad was the choir director at St. Rayfield's cathedral where I'm from. It's St. Raphael's. But if you're... If you're from Wisconsin, I just found this out. I just realized this. I just realized that it was only because we were in Wisconsin that we pronounced it Rayfield's. I'm sorry. Did you mean Raymond Fields? Yeah, Rayfield. Yeah, like it's a sports bar. Come on down to Rayfield's. Two for ones on Admonishments this week. Free drinks, not just on Sundays anymore. Come on down, Rayfield's. Why watch the game when you can be where it's decided? The good guys always win at Rayfield's. St. Raphael's. And my dad was cheap. He just wanted a free babysitter. He sent me to... He sent me to... Weekday Sunday School. Anybody go to Weekday Sunday School? That's next level Sunday School, if you don't know. If you don't know, if you didn't grow up in a cathedral, under every cathedral, there's a bomb shelter where there's about half a dozen pasty white children with bug-eyed and a couple of nuns telling them about the world. And it's... About... It's a pretty close to a baby huff and dungeon. If you... I mean, it's down in there. It's, you know, it's kind of airtight. You can smell those kids. They're down there. Just learning the same book over and over. And I was seven. I was a prick kid. I didn't have time for this shit. I had just started wondering if Trees Head Souls. I had started wondering what I wanted to believe in in the world. But I wasn't... They throw the book at you. They throw the book at you. And then they dangle Santa Claus, and I didn't like that. I felt like a threat. And I walked in there. My dad was like, quite I didn't need to be there. I walked in like Drake, dude. No new friends. What are you gonna tell me? And the nuns hated me right away. They didn't like me. I'm still open to anything. I'll believe in anything if it's convenient. Anything at all. I wasn't opposed. I definitely didn't know God existed, but I didn't know He didn't. I wasn't sure in any direction. And I'm still not. I don't... Astrology. This is a good example. I don't believe in astrology. Unless somebody doesn't like me. And then I only believe in astrology. What? She said, what? She said, what? What month was she born in? Of course she was born in November. Astrology is a great religion if you need to explain why people don't like you. Christianity is a great religion if you need to explain why you don't like people. And I don't know. I just didn't like... I didn't get... We didn't hit it off. It wasn't a good fit. But I made it two days. The second day was picture day. We had to draw our favorite... I was in. Cranes, I believe in. And I was in. We had to just say to pick our favorite Bible story and just draw that. And I chose Daniel in the Lions then. I just drew Daniel just getting chewed through by five Lions. Just... Oh, one idiot. This guy. Oh, shit. Look at you. Dan. Red Cran, Dan. Look at you. DoA. You are a moron, buddy. I can... I know exactly why God got rid of you. Look at you, buddy. You have another red Cran, please. Thank you very much. Yeah, just get this guy out of here. And... None didn't like it. None didn't like it at all. And... And then, but what she really didn't like was in the corner of the picture. I drew a picture of the sun. The... The ball of fire. That gives us all life. The actual God. Uh... I drew a face on the sun. And I drew arms on the sun going. Eh! And she hated it. She hated it. She hated that I had given the sun a soul. And she took my crayons away and she leaned in. She said, I'll pray for you. No. I know. She was... She was 50. I was seven. That's... That to me, that just said, I know God. And I'm going to tell him what she did. She took my crayons away. That which felt like I think you should leave now. And... And I'm like, fine. I'm going to go look for a God that doesn't care about my crayons. No offense. Cue it on. Reliable religion. Very steady. Demon heavy. Christianity. Hold the Christ. Heavy on the demons. It's just nice to know what's there to use if I need it. If we need it, you know, if you ever need to relegate a significant portion of your fellow citizenry to demon status, you ever need to make a good portion of the people you know murderable. It's nice to know that exists. Other than that, I think we handled the pandemic pretty gracefully. I do. I do think we handled the pandemic well. I do think we did. I know. I know. All right, each other's throats, and it feels like we're in a way worse place, and in a lot of ways we are. But there were nine billion people on the planet. What the fuck do we think was going to happen? I think that we handled it pretty damn well, despite how we feel about each other. I think Republicans saved some of the economy. I think Democrats saved some of the grandparents, and all it took was a sincere, profound resentment for each other as human beings. I think Democrats saved some of the grandparents, and all it took was a sincere, profound resentment for each other as human beings. masks really through people for a loop. they didn't like that. I get that. math. breath is not nice. breath is not age well. breath is not age well. There's a reason they don't make breath-centred candles. but a plague was coming. a plague was always coming. It's the one thing that science and the Bible agreed on. I don't think everybody should have had to live the same. I drove across country last year. There's just so many different... There's nobody in Kansas. Is anybody here from Kansas? There it is. Yeah, they're here. Thank you for coming. Is it Tuiya? Are you both senators? I think Kansas is a scam. I think Kansas is a scam. There's a lot of windmills. I think Kansas is two senators, an unlimited electricity. And I just don't think... There's a lot of places in the country like that. If you live out there, if you live in New York, yeah, where it has, Matt, suit. If you live in rural Kansas, I don't think you should have to wear pants. I also don't think you should have high-speed internet access. Because you don't have enough... That's what my family's doing. You don't have enough people to bounce your ghost stories off of. People are seeing... People are in a situation where they're seeing more people on their screens than in real life. And that's a problem. Because then you don't have anybody to bounce these ghost stories that you're getting blown up your asshole from the other side of the planet on. And you got people in fucking baby-huffing dungeons. Most people are just trying to go to the grocery store. You got people on baby-huffing. You're believing... That's where I lose. You lose me on a conspiracy shit. That heavy... That heavy... That dank... Conspiracy shit. You know... Like, you know... I don't know. It's the microchip. There's microchips in the back. Really? Mandy, how many? One? Multiple? How's benefit analysis on this? How much is Bill Gates investing in mapping the route from your duplex to the strip mall nearest your duplex? Angry. I can take angry and I can take dumb. I can't... I can't take dumb and angry. Because the odds are you're angry because you're dumb. Alright! Wow! And I might speak from experience, but I don't know. If your boogie man had a Ph.D. Well then, maybe you're a little bit dumb to be this angry. I don't know, it's weird. It's weird. It's appropriate though. It's the American way. You know, what's the worst thing we could possibly put in our bodies? was the dumbest thing I could cram into my head right now. It's like food. It's like food. Q&A is just what happened when pizza restaurants started making cinnamon rolls. And, is the screens went up our goal fish ball. I get clickbait and just dumb shit online. I fall for it all the time. It's like my wife, Glamping. That's some internet nonsense right there. That is some screen-based nonsense right there. If you don't know, it's glamorous camping. It doesn't exist. There's no such thing. It's for people that hate camping and are easily fooled by the internet. What they do is they put a tarp over some wine glasses. They put pictures on Instagram. They charge $2.45 a night. You pay it and then you're an asshole for the rest of your life. And it's a cost. Here's some dumb clickbait I fell for. Submarine that turns into a yacht. Show it to me. It was just an ugly boat. It was just an ugly boat. It was just a decommissioned submarine that put a spoiler on it. That was it. It was pretty sad actually. It was greatness of a submarine. Used to do science and fight wars. Now it's getting puke done by Kelly's bachelor at party. I think he used to make movies with Jacoosto. Oh, it's got rims on it. Don't even go underwater anymore. It can't even flex its scientific muscles. That's a fancy part of submarine. We never turn into a yacht. We never stoop so low as to turn into a yacht. What do you mean? Who needs science? We got money. A butterfly doesn't turn back into a caterpillar. That glam trip made me identify with those dudes at Storm the Capitol though. That was just their glam trip. That was just their glam trip. They just wanted to go away for the weekend and pretend to do some shit they weren't doing. They just wanted to see a democracy that turned into a yacht. You know what bothered me the most about January 6th? The merch. Why is there merch? Are you guys wearing matching hooded sweatshirts? Who's selling merch at the revolution? Abraham Lincoln didn't sell top hats. What's... Do we just lose World War III to a Bartlett softball team? People are these absentee dads on Instagram live spending their child support money on merch. You got merch money. How bad am I supposed to feel? You got merch money. You're smashing up the Capitol so that your fire guy can keep his job. Who am I supposed to feel bad for here? The your fire guy. Did you imagine the slave mentality of lifting a fucking finger for the your fire guy? I for one cannot. Wild. Unreal unnecessary white trash block party that one right there. How many golf pros do you think Storm the Capitol? Not pro golfers, just guys running driving ranges somewhere. It's a serious question. Any gamblers in here want to set the line for me? Over under. Over under. 12 is way high. 12 is way high. 12 is I'm going under 12. Five. Five is a better number. Four and a half or five and a half. Three and a half. I'll let you change. It's okay. You can change your answer. You can change your answer. I like it. Back in Tagitalla, ready you and me were both bad gamblers. I would go over that, but try not. But you know there was one. I'm just saying there was one. Todd. He was on his screens too much. Whipped up on his screens. Too much time on his phone. Spent Todd. Too much time on his phone on the range was Todd. Well, they did it again. They did it again. He threw it down his sandwich. He folded up his collar shirts, put him in his leather travel bag, and went with his initials on it. And through that, he's escalated. The one his dad leases for him. For the first time in 35 years, Todd left myrtle beach. And he got to DC, and he laid eyes on DC, and he checked into the Marriott. And he got a good night's rest, and then he woke up and he saw they had an omelette bar. So he got the fucking omelette bar. Todd likes eggs. Todd likes real eggs. He put some cheddar cheese and jalapenos on there. Thank you very much. The new last day, Todd gets eggs. They're trying to take Todd's eggs away. And he got a good meal in his belly, and then he skipped off to the revolution. We're in Metis CrossFit coach, and they slammed a cops head in the door. And Bear Spray, a congressional page, and their new QAnon hood of sweatshirts. And didn't wear a mask. The one time he should have wore a mask. Todd. Todd. Todd. Todd. Now the FBI got to go to the driving range, Todd. Now they got to come to your range, Todd. I don't know. Vladimir Putin said, it's easier to fool a man than it is to convince a man he's been fooled. Vladimir Putin did not say that. Mark Twain said that. But I say that Vladimir Putin said it so that the people that need to hear it will listen. It's just, I think oftentimes we're just at the mercy of deteriorating men. I've always wanted to be a grandpa. I really don't have no interest in being a parent. I want to be a parent for like five hours a week. The rest of it looks like y'all got ripped off. The rest of it looks like a really bad deal. But I had something that I had something. I had something changed about that recently. I got a silver alert. It's an amber alert for an elderly person. Did they got him in Illinois? Okay. Right. So that's... I lost the grandpa to dementia. It's not a laughing matter. But he was doing wild shit at the end. And I thought, you know, it makes me... I'd be lucky to get to that point. And by the time I do, I'm probably going to be in a lot of pain. I'm going to be lucky to not have metal in every joint. And an organ that I want to chuck into the lake. And if I get to that point, and the brain that's reminding me how much pain I'm in every day of my life, decides to shut the fuck up, and my body gets to take a victory lap for an afternoon. And the children that I raised to completion think that it's acceptable to knock me out to the fire department. You're not dead to me, but... Shit's different now. When I can remember what you did, things are going to be different now. I mean, just take my car keys away. Don't do that. How about this? My brain shut down. I'm not on the loose. Like, did you even look? Go get your shithead cousins and a rope and a flashlight. And go walk around the neighborhood. Give me back on the patio before you start texting three counties, my all my information. Everybody I ever knew, thinks I'm out there in my PJs, running into a curb like a glitch in a video game. Go get your cousins and my grandkids. You know what? Haven't bring the birthday checks back, because I'm trying to repossess some shit. I wrote them checks in the amount of the age they were turning. It was adorable. I was super grandpa. All you had to do was get me beer and play cards with me. And this is what I get? You're out of the will, but I want you to come to the reading, because I've hired a professional wrestler to read it to you. And tell you that you don't get my cars, and I'm leaving the house to the stripper you don't know exists. That was what my grandpa was doing. He was trying to fuck a meth head stripper in Kentucky. He was driving across state lines. That's what he thought he was doing. I mean, I don't know what he did. Well, when he was leaving, he was going to fuck a meth head stripper. That's the, that's the, it started good. And then when he got there, he wrapped his car around a tree. And that's when things went bad. It's all right. And that just terrifies me. I just don't want the last thing on my body that works to be my nuts. Take my car keys, take my nuts. If I get to that point, take my balls. I'm serious. I'm honestly about to advocate for adult male castration. I am. I'm done with my nuts now. A third of the men I've ever known could handle their balls. They're ruining a perfect and good gender. Ladies, if you know any man that's functional, he's working very hard to overcome his nuts. We are walking around shit faced on our own balls all the time. Nuts are a Ferrari engine and most men are just a Honda Accord. And we are burning through tires. Our whole lives. Our whole lives. We didn't, we didn't. We didn't use the care about nuts like this. As a species we did. That's one thing that I learned from the Catholic Church. They used to cut little boys' balls off so they could hit a high note and choir. Yeah, that's real. I don't look at, I didn't do this shit. They were called castratos. That's what I'm saying. That's where nuts used to rank. Just below Christmas carols in Latin. Right here. What percentage of your bad decisions would you blame on your nuts? Hold up now. I'm giving you a chance to excuse a lot of bad behavior. 40% that's solo. That is solo. That is either you just didn't think that through or you got skeletons in your closet that you're trying to pretend aren't there. I mean, I am way up there. Well, fine. Okay, fine, 40%. Now imagine if you weren't there to stop them. You'd be up there. You'd be way up there. Right? Yeah, I don't want that. I'm not, please. I don't know. I think it's a rough situation for men when they get to that age. And then that's the only age when we finally trust them to put them in positions of power. This is why we have two types of leaders. That's why we only have two kinds of leaders. What the fuck is wrong with him? And is he okay? That's it. That's all that's left. And Vlad and his Putin is what the fuck is wrong with him. That's perfect example. He's just an old man's balls playing games with younger men's balls. Just putting younger men's balls against each other. It's a time-honored human tradition. That's just because, I mean, his nuts are servant drinks. Our brains turn to mush. Our joints he jacked and our balls are down there serving drinks the whole time. Vladimir Putin's balls are the bartender from the shining. Take my nuts. Second, I get a home depot credit card. I'm getting it. I don't want to make some of these horrific mistakes. That's the real pen. Forget QAnon. Leapblowers is the real pandemic in this country. Sometimes I do this bit and I see old dudes face kind of change. I like my leafblower. Fuck that shit, dude. Get a rake. Barry that in the backyard. We're not going to say anything about it. We're going to pretend like it never happened. That glam trip was fine. That was a beautiful vacation. We were on my wife's family reunion. It was actually awesome. It was ruined by a leafblower at 8 a.m. on Sunday morning. I was in my lean-to. I had my tarp. It was me, my tarp, leafblower. Just... Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Hell no. 245 a night. What? Absolute... In my mind, this is some asshole that travels with his leafblower. My first assumption that it was not somebody from the campsite. Hotels don't vacuum before checkout. I thought this was some guy. Because I'm ready for you people to start carrying those things in holsters. Like people... Like I thought it was just some asshole in a way in a bago that could not bear the thought of being a part of his leafblower for three days. And he was like, oh I'm going to be in the woods. Imagine all the things I can blow around in the woods. And I kicked my tarp open. I kicked my tarp open my underwear. I was looking for faces. And sure enough, it's a dude from the campsite. Collared shirt, logo and everything. I was the asshole, y'all and employees. I was like, yo, it's 8 a.m. guy. He takes his finger off the gas for a second. He's greased up hillbilly. I swear to God. Looks like he's dead in the face. God, I still got to work though. That's what he said to me. It's going to bounce off the back of my skull for the rest of my life. I still got to work though. I instantly stopped carrying about the leafblower. I was instantly distracted by this blue collar cosplay. He had typed up for himself. I swear he was somehow at work right now. It was a huge roll of golf cart with a leafblower. With an outdoor blow dryer to point it at some gravel patches. He drove to work. Got in a golf cart. Brought a blow dryer. I still got to work though. Fuck you buddy. I wasn't raised in a coal mine, okay? But I've roofed houses and painted houses and bail hay. And I was Mr. Miyagi enough to know that taking one button to the next button to the next button does not make you the backbone of the American economy guy. You are not a dock worker friend. Turn that shit down. You are ruining my lamp trip. Buttons. Thanks Buttons. Take a couple hours off. Go have some more red bull. What are you doing? I hope you don't get a kid at home playing Fortnite that you'd be rate for not popping out of bed every morning. So go move leaves around in the woods. It's everywhere. It's coast to coast. I live in LA. Ah, it's California. There's no leaves. There's no leaves. It's just dust. It's just dust. You're just whipping up the dust. You're just whipping up the dust in the air. Why? Why? Wow big is your lawn. You better have a football field to justify that thing. To justify weaponizing what used to be the ground. You're getting in your eyes. It's in my eyes and mouth and throat. You shut down my block for four hours with your fucking leaf floor. What are you doing? And where does the dust settle? Cars. All your cars. Now all your neighbors have to go get car washes because you had to have it. There could be ranges. Ranges. Away from our cars. Leaf-blower ranges. I'm standing by those. Leaf-blower ranges where cooked up step-dads can go. Micro-managed, small patches of cement for 15, 20, 30 minutes at a time. Just to blow off some steam. Whatever fixes it. I want your patch to be clean, guys. But otherwise, leaf-blower should cost $10,000. And $9,500 of that should go into a federal fund to pay for all your neighbors car washes past present future. I stand by that. All right. I'll get out of here. No, there is. I saw one guy in Kansas. It was the cop that let me out of a speeding ticket with a joke. I like that guy. I was smoking weed, I was in Kansas. I was just trying to get through Kansas. I don't care if it's legal. It's legal where I live. It's legal. I don't have. And I'm trying to figure out who don't have it figured out yet. It's, yes. I can't keep track of what states are still run by dorks from the 50s. And I wasn't even planning on my feet touching the ground in Kansas. So I was smoking weed, I was moving. A little bit later, I'll see the lights on. Damn. Okay. Pull over. Dude, we'll ox up. Real tense. Kind of cop. It seemed like he might fire tear gas to cover a fire. He comes in hot. Is that what you such a hurried for, California? I'm a stand up community. I got to get to Iowa tomorrow. I have a show in Iowa. So I had you going 81 to 65? Yeah, buddy. It's Kansas. That's about the bare minimum. I'm going to be going in Kansas. You want me to stop and check out the library guy? I'm going to need to see your license and registration. He's right here. He snatches it. Goes back to his car 20 minutes later. He comes back still hot. So I'm going to need to hear a joke. I didn't like that part. She asked me to give me the ticket. Don't make me dance. You got a hard job. I got a hard job. I'm going to make me dance. You know, I mean, he knew I didn't have my tools. This is the thing. There's the things. This thing. You're very nice. You guys are very nice. You're very nice. But if I followed you back to your hotel tonight, I tried to tell you about the Herpes vaccine. You got to get some frantic on the property right now. I want to come get this guy too sweet. But I didn't want the ticket. So I said, OK. Why did the squirrel crawl into my dickhole? His tone changed. I peaked his interest. He said, I don't know man why. I said, he was trying to get to my nuts. Well, he liked that joke more than you guys did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I like that guy. I think about that guy. I appreciated him. I felt like we grew together. I think about him. I worry about him. Because I know he's out there telling my joke. You can't force comedy. Takes a long time. I know he's out there just butchering my joke. For the god knows who Bobby, 81 and 65, California, plates. We give tickets to those. I don't see any kind of citation here or anything. He heard it. I don't give a shit, Bobby. I'm going to need to see some sort of documentation, some sort of explanation, report on my desk and today. Chief, I'm going to do it for you live. No thanks, Bobby. You got the right to remain silent. Chief, why would? How come? Why would? Why would? A squirrel, a wild squirrel. Chief, teeth and claws and shit. Kind of set not your normal squirrel that you would not be intimidated by. For the sake of this hypothetical, you on your toes. He could do some damage to you, Chief. And he wants something from you. Something from inside you. Something that you care about. And he wants it bad. Something that a squirrel regularly wants. What would he want? That you got? What would you, a squirrel, with teeth and claws and shit? I know domesticated raccoon keep on her in my porch. I'm talking about a wild animal that's got a spring in his step and coming at you. Fast and yeaming it will move for a long time. I know him for 35 years, Chief. You have slow some bitch. And he's coming for you. And he's going to get something from you, Chief. What's he want? He wants your nuts. Squirrels won't nuts. Squirrels won't nuts. Chief, Chief, he wants your damn nuts. How's he going to get there, Dickhole? Squirrel coming in your dickhole, Chief. Bobby, I'm going to need your gun and belt. I'm going to need your gun and badge. You guys have been fantastic. Thank you so much for being here, everybody. Thank you to the Green Mill. Thank you, Chicago. I love you. Thank you. Here's everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
He's from Chicago, Illinois, and Stan like mother-fucking-coffee. Stan like mother-fucking-coffee. Give it up for my man, Bernie Mack. I ain't scared of you, motherfuckers. I'm gonna tell you some straight-up, the motherfucking press. I ain't coming for no foolishness. And New York got Demi-yaw motherfucking-one look good. Y'all like a bigoted egg sandwich look good. But I love sex. I love it. King through shit no more. And I'm blessed. I'm big boned. I'm heavy structure. I'm hung low. If I pull my shit out this whole room, get dark. Kick it! You don't understand. I ain't scared of you, motherfuckers. I love sex, man. I love it by the pound. I beg of them to put that shit in cans. Can you imagine sex in cans? I'm gonna be sharp lifting the shit. Those be playing ball, man. They know what you can really do, man. I'm time to give Mr. Specker put some going in. Kick it! You don't understand. You don't understand. I ain't scared of you, motherfuckers. Women just do anything until you talk to any kind of way you want to talk to some bad. It don't make no more fucking sense. I'm at a bar mine in my business. Cool enough just being cool. Like I am. Chillin', woman on callin' me. This you that you got in the face, why do you say, Mac, I said, yeah, that's my name. It's like an answer to questions, I said, yeah. She says this pussy tastes like pumpkin pie. Made me mad, I said, I always went all damn question like, I never had no pumpkin pie. Kick it! You don't understand. You got to chill. Tired of your shit. I ain't scared of you, motherfuckers. When you make love to a black woman, tell you how you do it, you got to be good. I'm not talkin' about myself. Cause you know a fucking number 50 pumps. Countless you ain't got none to do. It ain't number five minutes, but the full play make it singin' lower. But you get a one-man black woman man, I'm gonna tell you somethin'. I don't care how I make that woman is, how soft spoken she is. If you give it her, the dick. Whatever wrong with you she gonna let you know. You can have a patch on your eye, your leg can be broke. If you get up that she belates. Woo! Shit! You patch out, motherfuckers. You broke ladies and I'm a bitch. You know you ain't never gonna fuck a kick out. Yeah! You don't understand, I got that. And you know what's funny when you make love to a woman and she on top. And the phone ring, that's the funnest shit. Well, she on the phone ring, man. Every time she, you know the phone ring, we're gonna go, ring, ring. You get cool and shit. Ring, baby don't answer. Ring, I gotta answer. Ring, oh baby don't answer. Ring, it might be a job. Ring. And every time you know she just pick up the phone stop fiddle-fallin' with you know. Well, she pick up every time she's on the talk. Give her the dick. She'd be like, eh, eh, no. Ooh, ooh, what, what, what? But, oh, what I'm doing. This one you get, what I'm doing. So, nah. But I love my black people. I'm gonna tell you something, but we gotta stop the violence, we gotta vote. Stop the violence and vote. Cause I did the show in Chicago. I mean, stop this violence. I'll do the Chicago, I did the show for Cook County, jail. And you know, over 40% of the brothers in jail for nothing. And they had a little serving, little panel thing. We gotta ask them, they make questions, you know what I'm saying? Man, I said, uh, hey, my brother, what's your info? He said nothing. But he got this thing about being a punk. What is a punk? I never did understand that for the sake of my life. He said nothing. That's how long you're here for. He said ever. Now, you don't for long time, you take the four of them, or fuck. I said, man, I said, so what you here for? I didn't, you know, I ain't no punk. I didn't tell him my boy. I said, what you in jail for? No, motherfucker. No, you ain't no punk. You're a new food. Because I'll be dead by some time for any of you, motherfucker. I'll be in court just like this. Just like who you are, be like punk. You know, he killed that motherfucker. Shout out to the hair full time. Keep them in the face. I try to call you, but the lab was busy. I'm Bernie MacRimmart here. Who would I get drunk fucking fuck off if I met you? Again. "...and... If... ...quez... ...or edits the video, the lines for a straight lead story. But you don't? Yeah but it didn't happen. But if Kamemura!></p could do something like that! ...skittering one of our gay brothers as if they were looking invisible. And... Maybe you're not a serial publishing house. Well it's an action. B'le my m-b'le pay l br'
Ladies and gentlemen, we give it up for Mark Norman! Hey, hey, comedy, huh? We're really doing it, folks. Thanks for coming out. Good to be here. Hey, how you doing? Nice to see you. Good shirt. How are you? Clevage? That's exciting. Hey, don't get weird. You brought it. Hey, here we are. Sorry, I got to work on saying things to people out loud. Yeah, I got a problem. I just say what I see. I think I'm autistic, but just like the bad parts of it. Like, I can't compute numbers or remember dates, but I'll make you feel weird. Right? Like, you drop a bunch of toothpicks. I can't count them, but I'll give you a shitty hug. I'm working on it, trying to get better. Flu here from New York. Man, I hate flying. You know, they let you pick your seat on a plane. I think I'd rather pick the person I'm sitting next to. I don't really give a shit where I am on the plane. It's like a five-hour relationship. Make it more like a dating app. Obese Nazi with a service dog? Swipe left. Tiny Asian lady with a surgical mask? That's my gal. Yes, she is not a talker, right? But just like a dating app, she shows up with a baby. I'm like, ah, I got catfished. Hate the small talk. Two things I can't do. Small talk and eye contact. How sad is that? I basically have all the traits of a serial killer just without the ambition. I'm working on it. People I say, Mark, gotta be more confident. They say, Mark, gotta be yourself. I'm like, well, you gotta pick one. I can't do both of those. Like a lot of people are scared of skydiving. I'm more scared of the banter on the plane than I am jumping out of it. You're sitting the plane. It's all windy or strapped in. Some guys like, so, Mark, where are you from? Just like, I say we're supposed to go together. I got it. At least with skydiving, getting an instructor. What about stuff I'm bad at? Stuff I'm nervous about. Like a dinner party. Am I dinner parties I've screwed up? Set me up with a pro. All right. I just show up some guys. I'll take care of him. Like, ah, beautiful. He's giving me tips. Don't say the N word. Got it. All right. She's not pregnant. Don't ask. Thank God you're here. Some guy in the party is like, so, who's your favorite comic? I'm like Bill Cosby's like, pull the shoot. I'm working on it. I had a chatty Uber driver last week. That's the worst. I got it. I forgot to hit the no small talk option on the app, so I get creative. I just scare the guy and be quiet. He's like, how about this traffic, huh? What do things cause in this? I'm like, probably the Jews. He's like, I'm like, all right. I give this ride five stars of David. Yeah. Yeah. I'm working on it, you know. I always try to get better. Well, weirdo. That's why I drink. Big fan of the booze. I got to cut back. I actually got to let go from a job once for being drunk at work. My boss called me and he goes, get in here, Mark. It's clear you're a high functioning alcoholic. I was like, wow. How do you know I was also high? This guy is good. One of my friends is like a beer expert. You know, he's like, we gotta go to a brewery. I'm like, why can't we just go to a bar? He's like, it's fun. You can see how it's made. I don't care how it's made. Look, I like porn. I don't need to go to a broken home. Not saying all porn is armed, broken home. Just the ones I like. Seems like a lot of people are quitting the booze now. It's kind of going away. All my friends are getting sober. Look, that's good. But some people are better when they're drinking. There's a lot of bad sobers out there, you know. We always talk about the negative part about booze. What about the good? Like, sure you drove through a playground, but you could dance, man. Come on. Trying to get better. I'm in therapy. Anybody else? Hey, there you go. A couple people. Yeah, you know. Doing this thing called exposure therapy. That's where you face your fears. Scared of heights, take the hot air balloon. Scared of drowning, takes you in the ocean. So he said, what are you scared of, Mark? I said, I'm claustrophobic and scared of intimacy. So he took me a little closet and fucked me. That was very expensive. Yeah. Why the stigma with therapy? Why? All my friends make fun of me. I think you should be mandatory. Because their muscles want to work out your emotions. I'll be hanging out with a friend. He's like, all right, man. Take it easy. I'm going to go work on arms and back. I'm like, cool. I'm going to go work on letting go of the past and accepting love. Everybody loves the gym. Ooh, the gym makes me feel sexy. Well, you know what else is sexy? Not being a walking red flag. Nobody cares about your abs. You think the guy having a meltdown at Chili's, right? I think people respect the gym because there's a culture behind it. You know, like gym rats. They have t-shirts that say beast mode and better source. Better sore than sorry. Therapy people, we need t-shirts. We need shirts that says no dad. No problem. All right? I can't stop. Won't stop crying. Ah! I could have used some therapies as a kid, weird kid. Bed wetter. Oh, yeah. I wet the bed every day. I was 13 years old. My mattress looked like a goddamn coffee filter. All right. Woo! Wee! I ruined a lot of sleepovers, folks. Yeah. You start to run out of excuses after a while. And your friends, like, what happened here? I was like, ha, geez. I must have spilled a cup of piss. Ha! Ha! Yeah, they say a lot of bed wetters become serial killers, which I believe, because we learn how to clean up a stain pretty quick. That's how embarrassing it is wetting the bed. Almost probably be known as a murderer than a bed wetter. You know, your friends, it's on your mattress. Why is it all crinkly? How am I to kill you? Ha! But hey, growing up now, 36 years old, I grew up before the internet. Maybe a better time for a kid. Maybe a question back then. Hey, mom, what's the capitalist out the coda? She's like, I'm on the phone. And you just didn't know. What a concept, not knowing. Now we have so much information right there. Now I have an Alexa. I love this thing. An Alexa is like a mom without the passive aggressiveness. Ask any you want. Hey, Alexa, how many cups in a liter? 4.23 cups. All right. I'm like, hey, mom, how many cups in a liter? She's like, ha! Why don't you check your mattress? Zing! That Alexa is tricky. I read an article recently. It said Alexa actually listens to everything you say, stores it in a database. Could use it again to you later. It's like, damn, just like a real woman. Now I'm all nervous. Like, Alexa, what's the weather out there? She's like, why don't you ask Siri? Oh, boy. Here we go. Yeah, it's got to be hard to be a kid now. I feel bad for kids. So much stimulus coming at kids. iPhone, internet, social media. Remember how happy go lucky with kids? Not a care in the world. Maybe run another car. Shotgun. That was like the biggest problem I live. Shotgun. Yeah, I never see kids doing that anymore. The only time a kid yells it out now is in a classroom. Oh! Oh! School shootings. What a bummer, huh? Oh, the Great American Pass time. Yeah. School shootings like the menstruation of America. That was about once a month it's bloody and everybody goes, well, I guess it's my turn now. Oh! I know. They're bad. I like how they're blaming the video games. Video games cause violence. Come on. Video games don't cause violence. Video games cause carpal tunnel and vaginal dryness. I know a lot of guys that play eight hours of video games a day. The girlfriends are like, violent. Slap my ass, choke me, I'm dying here. Look, I don't think games translate to real life. I grew up playing Monopoly with my friends. None of them now own property. To be fair, some did go directly to jail. Yeah. That's uh, we got problems here, you know? Like, I just got back from Europe. They really make fun of us over there. That's like all they do. Oh, you Americans, you're so fat. I'm like, hey, yeah, we're doing great. Why is that a bad thing how fat we are? I think it's cool. It's like impressive. More people die in America, obesity and starvation. Which is like, hey, we did it. How cool are we? We're dying from eating food. We go up to heaven, some guys like I starved to death. What happened to you? We're like, snacks. Yeah, the McRibb is back. What do you want? Is he going to hug you? He lose your foot, frostbite? Nah, frosting. Yeah. Yeah, we're fat. We're so high up on the food chain. One of my friends, he only eats grass-fed beef. You realize our craze is? That means he gets to pick what he eats. He eats. That's pretty good. And here's the weird thing. Cows eat grass. That's much we mess with our food. When something eats what it's supposed to, we brag about it. That's like saying, hey, no, my four-year-old is sober. Get the hell out of here! What? Father of the year over here. Yeah, we're fat. All my friends are fat mostly. My family's fat. I grew up pretty fat, you know? I try not to make fun of fat people unless they make fun of me. That's when I let it go. Yeah. Like, all my fat friends, give me shit. One of my fat friends told me I have skinny privilege. Like, privilege. Something can't be a privilege if you could do it too. I'm known to my whole life. It used to be thin. That's how privileges can't be attained by exercising. Right? If that were the case, then black people would take a jazz or size class. They wouldn't get pulled over. Right? It'd be that simple. He always condescends to me. Oh, you're so lucky you're thin. Lucky. You got to work at it. It's hard. What the hell? I got to eat right? It sucks. Saying you're so lucky you're thin, saying you're so lucky you don't have kids. No, no, I had food, and I pulled out. He's like, whatever, it's easy being skinny. Well, not really. You couldn't do it. Ah. Ah, yeah. I read a news article about obesity. They said they're thinking about putting microchips and obese people's brains. It shocks them every time they think about food. I was like, if we have that kind of technology, I feel like we should be using that on pedophiles. Why are we wasting that on chubs? I don't care about your candy intake. I'm worried about your candy output. Priorities, people. You know, the cupcakes you want just don't touch a little Debbie. Ah, pedophilia, huh? Any pedophiles here? I mean, statistically, it's got to be two, right? But hey, we're all adults here, which is a sentence they hate. You guys ever get down your knees and thank out a pedophile? They didn't choose that. They got dealt to bad. Hey, we're extremely lucky. We should be grateful. Think about close we all were. When I was in third grade, I was attracted to third grade girls. Now I like adult women. When I was in third grade, I like grape juice. Now I like red wine. But I still like grape juice. Holy hell, that was close. Thank God, my brain just knew the right way to go. Woo! I just watched a documentary on pedophile with my friend. My friend goes, ooh, I could never have sex with a kid. They're so annoying. I was like, that's it, huh? That's the thing that's holding you back? Need a better reason that, right, buddy? It's like, hey, what happened to Greg? He went to prison. Why? He met a really cool kid. That checks out. All right. Yeah. But it's good to get out of New York. That's it, you'll eat your life, you know? Good to be here. I live in the Westville, Germana Hatten, you know, a real cool neighborhood. The gay pride parade actually goes rep in my house every day. And, yeah. I like a gay area. Gay guys are the best. Progressive, non-violent. You never meet any violent gay guys. There's no gay gangs. That would just be a musical. Any gay guys here tonight? Yeah. Hey, all right. Thanks for coming out. Um, big fan. One of my best friends is gay. He's obsessed with straight guys. That's like his thing, you know? He's like, I love flipping a hetero. He's like, you know how hard that is? Now, hardest go out every night. See a bunch of people you want to have sex with. You don't want to have sex with you. I was like, that's exactly what it's like being a straight guy. What the hell are you talking about? I would argue it's just hard for me to sleep with a woman. It's for you to flip a hetero. He was like, nah, nah, nah, you have no idea. You got to take him out for hours to convince him. Yeah, yeah, same here. He's like, nah, nah, nah, even if you do pull it off, which is like a miracle, they feel horrible after. Yeah, yeah, same thing. We went back and forth for hours. Ardenbeth is all night, back and forth eventually. I woke up at his place. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I went to the gay pride parade last year, still sore. Had a good time, had a lot of characters out there. Made a gay guy there, hated straight people. I never heard of it. He was a hetero foe. I didn't know that was a thing. He was like, yeah, a screw straight people. You guys are the worst. I was like, whoa, come on, man, we gotta get along. Also, without us, you wouldn't be here. Don't bite the hand that breeds you. Yeah. And I have to ask who's gay, sir, because I have the worst gay-darr on the bite-can't-tell who's gay. One of my friends is always brag about his gay-darr. Well, God, he's gay. He's gay. He's gay. I'm like, well, that's not that impressive. I mean, red a gay bar. I don't know. You wouldn't impress me with your gay-darr. Start pointing out gay babies. Now, that's impressive, right? See that kid breastfeeding over there between you and me? He's miserable. That's a hell of a gay-be. I like all the grilizbians in the house. Hey, all right. Wow. Yes, I love your websites. I feel like lesbians are underrepresented. I travel the country doing comedy. I always see fun gay bars in every city. They always have fun names like the manhole or the back door. Where's all the fun lesbian bars? Where's like the dugout or scissors? Also, you always see a group of girls with one gay guy in it. You never see a group of guys with one lesbian. I'd love to have a lesbian in my crew. Just gay guys very helpful. They help girls with the hair, their outfit. Love them a lesbian helping me out with stuff. They're like, ah crap. The car won't start. She's like, I got it. Yeah, you flooded it. You pussy. Thanks, Debbie. Glad you brought your tools. Sat tire. All right. But you guys are cool. You know, a lot of crowds getting sensitive. It's getting weird out there. I got yellow show recently. This guy goes, hey, buddy, that's a trigger word. I was like, whoa, I think it's pronounced trigger. Easy there, big fella. And look, you know, if you get upset or offended, that's cool. I'm not one of those guys. You're allowed to be offended. That's totally cool. But if you are, just shut up. You're not a hero. You're just running a show. Just be offended. Just let it flow through you. Just feel it, right? Yeah, don't share. We don't care. Just feel. Yeah. We all have thoughts. I might want to sleep with your girlfriend. I just hold it in. I don't say. Yeah, yeah. We're so obsessed with words now. It kind of shows how good we have. We've got to focus on words, you know? In the 70s, it was all about actions. If you want to show your brave in the 70s, you need to jump over 12 buses on a motorcycle. Now I see a guy making off-color joke at the office. I'm like, that guy's fucking fearless. Oh, shit. Wow. Yeah, I don't know. People take things so seriously. I guess they got to show you their personality by yelling at you about stuff that bothers them. I don't know. I don't meet any of this stuff. I'm just saying words in a certain order to elicit laughter. People like try to figure me out through my act. It's all jokes. I told an abortion joke recently. And a woman approached me. She was like, hey, that's very insensitive. I've had an abortion. You shouldn't tell jokes like that. I was like, whoa, hey, sorry. I just told a joke. I think what you do is much worse. But, you know, either way, I'll see it home later, honey. And again, all jokes. I love abortions. I paid for two last week. I'm a fan, right? You remember? Come on. It's all jokes. Friend of mine, she works at Planned Parenthood. She loves that joke. And I was like, I might have to get rid of it. People don't like it. She's like, no, no, you got to keep it. I was like, I might get rid of it. She's like, no, no, you got to keep it. I was like, no, you got to keep it. I was like, no, you got to keep it. I was like, no, you got to keep it. I was like, no, you got to keep it. I was like, don't tell me to do with my body of work. She's like, every joke is a miracle. But I don't want to upset anybody, you know? Ah, jeez. I don't want to upset. That's not my intention. I'm upsetting people on accident now. I was at a Starbucks recently. It's a guy handing my coffee. I went, hey, thanks, chief. This guy goes, ooh. Don't say chief. It's offensive to Native Americans. I was like, how is that offensive? He goes, whoa, don't say how. Gabat! How do we get here? Weird time. Weird times. We're times. Taking words away, you know, I get it. You know, words hurt people. I get it, you know. But here's the thing. We're kind of like a weird word prohibition. Can't say this. Can't say that. That's why I feel like every now and then, we should all go to a politically incorrect speak easy. Just to say, where we can all go to say horrible stuff and nobody cares. You got no hate in your heart. You don't want to hurt anybody. But if you can't say it there, give us a place you can. You go down some creaky stairs. You're bang on a big steel door. The guy's like, what's the password? Red-threaded. Red-threaded. Red-threaded. The guy's like, what's the password? Red-threaded. Get in here. All right. It's like the 90s again. Because offensive words are like alcohol. Sure you can abuse it. Sure you can hurt people. If you do a response, we it's a good time. Just don't do it at work. Don't do it around kids. But go home. Close the door. Take the edge off. Uh, midget. Grrrr! Right? I don't want to say little people. That's like drinking no doles. But of course I get it, I just, you know, find it funny, I get it. But here's the problem, we forget that no one's politically correct up here. We're all animals. We're all trying to, we're all seeing the same thing, we're all thinking the same thing. No one's PC in their brain. This is a filter you put on when you talk, so you seem nice. Like no one sees a hot girl bend over and thinks, look at that independent woman, I'd like to treat her equally. Oh. Man, we're sick. Man and women, we're gross. But look where it's all gotten us. Then I feel like the whole country's pent up. Feels like we're right now angry, we got white supremacists, protest, hate groups. It's weird, you're allowed to be hateful in America as long as you're not specific. Isn't that weird? And if you're like, I hate Mexican people, everybody's like, oh my god, what a bigot, prejudice. But if you're like, I hate people, everybody's like, huh, fucking right. Isn't that worse? People are angry now, man. I had one of those white lives matter rallies, go to my house the other day, I freaked out, then I realized, oh, it's just a half marathon. That was close. I don't know, just be a good person. What about that? Just be nice to people, you know? Yeah. Like a lot of it doesn't add up, I can't keep track of all the rules. Like transgender, what do you think? That's how I feel, I don't give a shit. You want to go for a man or a woman, go nuts. Well, go labia. What's the beef? Look, it's weird to hate someone because they're trans, right? But it's also weird to love someone because they're trans. Shouldn't you like them based on who they are as a person, content of the character? People are so phony. I love Caitlin Jenner. Why? She sucks. She's against gay marriage or ran over person. What's the good part? Then they go, well, they have hard lives. All right, well, so do bids. Why don't you talk about how much you like them? Where's that hashtag? I don't see any tweets about midgets. Who's got a hard on a midget? Hard to get around, hard to drive, hard to get work? No love. And look, I'm not anti-trans, but I am pro-mage. I just don't get why we help one group and not another. It's just kind of trendy. And people say, well, trans aren't allowed everywhere. Well, you have been a roller coaster? Oh. Oh. At least trans be accommodated with the bathrooms. Midgets, everything not tall or toiled is? Well, imagine having a jump to take a dump. Weird. No help, no support. And you know what's great about midgets? I got a couple of midget friends. They're good eggs. You never see a midget complaining. Never. Every other group complains. Never a midget. Get on the news, sitting in a desk, legs, dang little fish. I can't. Never. Every other group complains. I see women on news. We have a glass ceiling. Midgets like, you're worried about the ceiling? Oh, there's shit. I'm trying to fuck with this counter, baby. Interesting. See, I guess I'm too open-minded, because I support all transition. Not just sexual. Why don't we stop at sexual? I support transition, a personality, transition of opinion. Right, like Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart got in trouble with some offensive tweets from years ago. Well, I'm not the same guy I was from years ago. I've transitioned. I used to have sex with 16-year-olds when I was 16. Now I don't. I'm different. Well, years ago, he said some offensive stuff. Well, years ago, she won the men's relay. People change. Hey. Why do you support that and not that? Huh. It just tells me if I ever get in trouble now, I'm just going to get a sex change, because you got to kiss my ass. Hey, Mark, we heard the interview from 10 years ago. That was Mark. I'm Margaret. I don't know. I support Kevin Hart also, because he's a legend. Oh, there we go. Mmm. I don't know. Everything's weird now. You know, the news is insane. The internet's full of hate. I feel like it's the little things that keep you happy now. You got to cherish the little things. I got a snapple today. I love a good snapple. I love that fun fact down to the cap. It was a good one today. It said, a polar bear used to be brown, but through evolution, they turned white because police were shooting them. I know. I couldn't believe they fit all that under the cap. Yeah. Ah, yes. A lot of racial talk. Now, white privilege. It's a term here a lot now. White privilege. But I thought it was all about diversity. So shouldn't we talk about everybody's privileges? Why we're just limiting it to whitey? Let's spread the love. Let's make every group feel good. Everybody's got something to all people. Privilege. See to concert. Jews. No hell. Pretty good. Pretty good. Women. Ladies night. That's cool. Black people. I can't wear a purple suit. Looks like fun. Everybody's got a perk. Indian people. Even if you're undatable, your parents will arrange something, huh? Let's spread the love. Who's got the energy to be racist, huh? That's got a suck to be racist. Wouldn't that be weird? Just like, you go to the bank and you're like, ah, there's Jews here. I got to leave. What a horrible life. Man, put on an outfit, go to a meeting, all that stuff. I don't care about any group enough to hate it. Dude, everyone, go nuts. I don't want to do anything. I'm lazy. I don't want to burn across or a calorie. Everybody's worked up at something. There's Muslims on airplanes. I'd rather a Muslim on a plane than a baby. Never had a Muslim kicked it back at my seat and pissing the aisle. I'm just saying if the airport had a baby ban, I wouldn't protest. Yeah, but transgender, they're using the bathrooms. Well, they're still using the toilet, right? They're not leaving a hot floater in the sink. If that was like their thing, then yeah, we should totally have a meeting. That's crazy, you know? And you get the hillbilly guy. Well, what if one of these perverts puts on a dress and looks at my wife in the bathroom? Ooh, what a score. Some guy can see your toothless wife shitting. Yeah. What a lucky guy. Come on, go to work, you little tick. But hey, we've come a long way. We hate to admit that. We hate to admit it. We've come a long way. We had whites only and blacks only water fountain, which incredibly sad, especially if you're a thirsty Asian. What the hell were they doing? Drinking out of a faucet? No one talks about it. Never come up once. Not a peep. Nothing. Blackpillar piss. Can you believe this shit? We got our own water fountain. Age like, can I get a sip? I'm dying out here. I got a triangular hat to block the sun. I'm a big fan of Asians. I think they're the best group. I think they're number one. I don't think they get the credit. They deserve the Amin Asian supremacists all the way. I think they're better than the rest. Any Asian people here? Hey, all right. You should be working. Come on. What are you doing having a good time? That's not the Asian. I know, god damn it. I want you a dealing blackjack or sitting on a box peeling something. Come on. Big fan, best group, easily the best group. No love. You guys get the short on the chopstick. It's pretty unfair. So quiet. So secure, Asians. Every other group's got a bragging boast. Every group's got a slogan. Black people. I'm black and I'm proud. White people. White power. Hispanics. A-ye-ye-ye. A-ye-ye. Not an Asian. And just head down, grades up. That's it. Age of the pet. You never hear about Asian crime. Never. If I was an Asian guy, I would just start mucking people and be like, hey, it's my word against yours. Big fan. Big fan. Oh, yeah. I think the news is a problem. The news pins us all against each other. News makes it seem like all white people are scared of minorities. I don't think all white people are scared of minorities. I do think a lot of white people are scared of looking racist. That's really the big fear with whitey. Like, if I'm walking down the street to four in the morning, I see a sketchy-looking white guy coming towards, I'm like crap. I'm going to cross the street. If I'm walking down the street to four in the morning, I see a sketchy-looking black guy coming towards. I'm like crap. I wish I could cross the street. OK. OK. I'd rather get stabbed. I look like an asshole. Yeah. White people, we are so worried about looking ignorant and bigoted. I guess because of our history, I went skiing, Reese's with my friend. We're sitting on the ski lift. I was like, why do you see more black people skiing? Why is that? My friend has no idea. But he's going to half-ass his weight through it because he doesn't want to see him dumb. So he's like, ah, you know, they don't grow up with it. Like, well, I'm pulling Louisiana. I'm here. Well, ski is very expensive. Ah, right, right, right. Yeah, you know, I've never seen a black guy with any expensive on their feet. Mm. Just say you don't know. That's all right. You sound way worse. That's why black people are smarter. White people, we do crazy stuff. We swim in the sharks. We go bungee jumping, cliff diving. Ask a black guy. Why do they do that? I don't know. That's white people shit. That's a good answer. They don't sit around going, ah, you know, you're up. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. But look, yeah. I'm a white guy. If I talk about race now, for some reason, another white person, Emily calls me racist. That's like what we do. It's like, I know you're trying to seem like a hero, but you're going to ruin that word. You're going to take the teeth out of it. That's like an important word. You're going to ruin it. Like, I was on the subway race. I was watching an interracial couple make out. I was just staring at him. And the guy next to them caught me and he goes, what the hell? I see you staring at them. What are you racist? I was like, what? Racist? No, I'm a creep. What are you talking about? I'm hard. Not a racist. I'm a roused. It's an important word. People abuse it all the time. Fred and Mike, she's Puerto Rican. We grew up together. It's like, hey, go into the gym. The white women there all give me the stink guy. Because they're racist. I was like, damn, what happened? She said, well, first bring my food and night it. Then I play my music really loud. Like, oh, maybe they just hate you. Let's not lump together all the Puerto Rico, because you're being a twat. You're being inconsiderate and rude. Take a little ownership. Look with it. You can't play everything on bigotry. Look, I grew up in a black neighborhood. I was a bed wetter. I'd see if their houses eventually stopped and invited me over. I was like, ah, they hate white people. No, I ruined their fucking furniture. They didn't hate white. They hit it yellow. Sorry. Mm. Uh-huh. Yeah. I like all the groups. I just make jokes. You know, remember jokes? Yeah. I met a nice girl in that Jewish app. What's that Jewish app called? The Jewish one? What's a Jewish app? That, the other one, the other one. PayPal. Yeah. Going pretty well. Yeah. A lot of ladies here tonight. That's exciting. Yeah, I feel like this is your time, ladies. This is the year of the woman. I went to the women's march. I mean, hadn't that was cool. Although I got to say, I haven't heard the word pussy yelled that much since that time. I rollerbladed to high school. That was a tough morning. Yeah. It's kind of crazy what women go through, isn't it? Like, some guy just like whip it out and stuff in front of women. That's wild. That's bold. See, I have a penis. So I'm not that scared of new ones. But I guess if you don't have a penis, the new ones got to be pretty scary. The close thing get to that feeling is once I was hanging out with a friend, and he just took out a gun. I was like, what the hell are you doing? He's like, well, you know I had a gun. I'm like, yeah, but we're at Whole Foods. Because a dick and a gun are very similar. If somebody pulled out either one right now, we'd all be like, whoa, is that meant for me? Jesus Christ. Don't point it at me. Damn. Dicking a gun, very similar. Both pointy, they shoot things. They come in different sizes. You get a pistol or a shotgun. I'm circumcised, so I'm sought off. But I guess guys, you do that just get confused. Because ladies, sometimes you like a penis. So guys think, hey, she liked one last night. Why wouldn't she like one with a copy machine? Women are so complex. Because I think generally speaking, when it comes to sex, I think men are a little more constant. You know, men like boobs, but we like boobs across the board. Boob in the bedroom. Great. Boob on the bus. Also great. Dicking the bedroom. Great. Dick on the bus. Call the police. Nobody's calling the police on a boob. You see a boob out in the wild. It's like seeing a deer. You're like, shhhhh. It's majestic. Look, there's two now. Then your other friend walks up, hey, look at that. A boob. We're like, ah, you spooked it. Come on. Yeah. We're cracking down on sexual harassment, finally. That's good. You know, it's sexually harassed more than women. The one group, pets. Yeah. Nobody ever gets consent from a dog. Nobody. People just pick it up, kiss it on the face. Rub its belly to that weird creepy long pet where you grab the tail at the end. We're creepiest hell with dogs. And we sound like creeps. They like it. They're begging me for it. Yeah. Thank God dogs can't talk. We'd all go to jail, right? Just some chihuahua in a courtroom like Percy flipped me over. Then he caressed all eight of my nipples. Then he slapped me on the ass repeatedly and said, you're a good girl, good girl. Ah, God. We harass dogs all day long and they're perfect harassing. They can't talk. So they'll never report you. That's why they're man's best friend. Also dogs forget stuff after like two seconds. You could stick your finger up a dog's ass. And be like, well, that was weird. Frisbee. Because really, when you break down our relationship with dogs, dogs are shameless, shameless. Hors, aren't they? I mean, they're like gold diggers. Look at the deal we've cut with a dog. Like, all right, pooch, I will. How is you in feed you back at the touch you whenever I want? Dogs like, what are you kidding? That's fucking amazing. I'll do you one better. When you come home, I'll hump your leg. I'll lick my balls in front of you. And when you have sex, I'll watch. That's fair. And cats, cats, the exact opposite. Catch your sexual assault victims. They're all nervous, get his head on his swivel, huh? You touch me, I'll fucking cut you. I'll cut you, motherfucker. Hey, hey, you're not grabbing this pussy, all right? Yeah. Now, leave me alone. I've got a window for an hour. But hey, you got to listen to ladies' fellows. You got to listen, you know? Friend of mine, she's like a big feminist. She's like, I have a full bush, because that's how I was born. I was like, holy hell, you were born with a full bush. That is a terrifying baby. Cut the ambiococard. I can't find it. I like a strong woman. I want a woman to cat call me. Cat call us. Ladies, that'd be hilarious. Start yelling out stuff at men that we don't want to hear. Stuff they would scare a guy. Now you walk past a group of girls at night. When I'm like, hey, I'll tell you, I love you on the first date. You're like, Jesus Christ. Oh, no. That is terrifying. Yeah, get us back. Can you walk past the girls? They're like, hey, before we have sex, I'm gonna poke a hole in the condom. This is a horrible neighborhood. Hi, God. Start the car. Oh, you ladies are fascinating. So complex. Yeah. One time me and my girl were watching the news. There was a whole thing about a CEO harassing his employees. She's like, can you believe this creep? Grab women's asses? Whisper dirty stuff in their ear at work. I was like, yeah, that's crazy. Then we got home later in the bedroom. She's like, can you do that stuff from the news to me? I was like, I thought you hated that. I said, I hate it. He does it. If you do it, it's hot. So you hate her ass, man. Unless you like the guy, then it turns you on. That's fascinating. I don't think other groups like black guys get her ass by the cop, but at night, they're not like, come on. Pull me over. Yeah. Yeah, it tays me, bitch. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah, my girl. She likes being insulted in the bedroom, which is cool. But nobody tells you that Nottel insults her sexy. Had to learn that the hard way. Yeah, it would be having sex. I'm like, yeah, you're a whore. She's like, yeah. I'm like, yeah, you slut. She's like, yeah. I'm like, you're a bad driver. She's like, what? Like, that's the one that bothered you? Oh, weird. She's like, you really have a bad driver? Sorry, dirty skank. She's like, thank you. Ha-ha. Yeah. Yeah, sometimes I'll try to hook up and she's like, I can't have sex, and I don't feel sexy. I can't have sex, but I don't feel sexy. Wow, that was the case for me. I'd still be a virgin. I've never felt sexy my entire life. The whole concept of sexy is very arbitrary. You know, your girl comes and I'm wearing my sexy leopard print underwear. Well, when did we decide leopard was a sexy animal print? I don't know. Nothing says sexy underwear to me like yellow and brown spots. In that case, I'm wearing my sexy underwear. It's a rare jungle cat called the Skidmark. Ha-ha. Yeah. How about the true crime? You gals love a good true crime. All that forensic files, killer women, date line, hours of this stuff. My girl called me watching two seconds of gay porn. She flipped out. She was like, what the hell's going on here? I was like, well, you watch murder. Isn't that way weirder? She's like, well, you're watching this. Do you want to do that? I was like, well, do you want to kill me? She was like, oh, shut up. I'm just watching my show. So I know what to do if I ever get in that situation. I'm like, well, maybe that's why I'm watching gay porn. I wonder how this goes down. So I get the hell out of there, right? She's like, that's ridiculous. This is a reenactment. Well, this is, too. This guy's not really a real estate broker. Too much porn. I think porn has really changed the game, you know? Out of the gate now, sex is much kinky, or I think is a porn. Out of the gate now, it's like choking, spitting, finger up the butt. Which is weird, because these are all things my older brother did to torment me. It's all the same shit. We've just taken bullying out of the playground, brought in the bedroom. I got my girl on top now. I'm like, Indian sunburn. Ah. Seriously, you go to a school yard during recess. Some kids holding her own, pulling her hair, calling her names. I'm like, man, he's good. I'm taking notes. Get back to your girls. He's like, wow, where'd you learn that? I'm like, a couple of third graders, actually. But don't worry, I like red wine. It's weird out there. Who knows? You gotta get married, right? That's what you do. Ooh. Scary, huh? Marriage feels so antiquated. Feels like we've come so far with everything. We're still doing that thing. What are we doing? Especially the ladies. Every girl of every day is like, when are you gonna propose? Clock's ticking, pop the question. Why don't you get married so bad? What is it? Ladies, you come so far. When it comes to marriage, you guys get kind of old-fashioned. I want the ring and the cake and the dress. What? Grow up. Ladies, you're killing it. Go frolic. Be free. But it's my special day. All right. What if through one mind? I don't know. I feel like a lot of guys look at marriage the way women look at anal. You know, or boat just like, well, we all know this day was coming. Let's get it over with. I'm not sure it's even natural, OK? Either way, when it's all done, we'll get new sheets. But that's why you ladies are brilliant. You guys are geniuses because you guys tend to be the ones who want to get married. This might have designed it toward the man as you. That's some Jedi level trickery right there. You're like Yoda. I want to get married, but you'll ask me. Yes, you got it. And you'll get down on one knee. No problem. Anybody have an expensive ring? We'll do. And whose idea was this? All mine. Well played, ladies. Well played. See, guys, we got to cool with the sexual aggression. When we come on too strong, we're creepy, we're scary. Ladies, you guys got to cool with the commitment aggression. That's where you guys push. That's where you guys get creepy. When you exchange key, when you're going to move in, when you get married, it's like, whoa, hey, no means no. Slow down. I feel pressured. I'm not ready. And your family jumps in, hey, when are you making honest woman out of my daughter? What? Who's this guy? Imagine my dad did that. Hey, when are you going to bang my son? Huh? Back off. I don't know. My nuts, marriage just feels like the least romantic thing on the planet. It's legal. You got to go to a courthouse. Get a license. What's the license for? That's the only license we don't check, by the way. Drivers license, liquor license. People check a fishing license. I'm going to start checking marriage license. Next time I see a short, broke, weird guy's, like, that's my hot wife over there. I'm going to be like, let me see some ID. I don't know, but I just got my license renewed. You know what's weird? When you buy alcohol, you show your driver's license. Isn't that weird? The thing I'm not supposed to do with this stuff, you want to prove I can do? By that logic, when you buy it guns, you show your marriage license. All right. Lady walks in. I'll take that revolver, guys. Let me see some identification. Why? Cheers? You know what? Just take it. Ah. I don't know. Then you got to have kids. Ooh. Kids are scary. I like babies. Babies are fun. You know why babies are great? Because they're not evil yet. There's a million douchebags out there, but you never assume that baby will become one. Isn't that nice? That's why no one ever goes up to a pregnant woman. Rub's her belly and goes, ooh, this one's going to suck. No, it's all up. It's all potential. It's all positive. Oh, it's kicking. It's all about soccer player. It's never like, oh, it's kicking. Might hit his wife. Ooh. It's statistically way more likely in a pro soccer player, right? Plus, it's already hitting a woman, not even out yet. Mm. Ah-ha. Yeah. I don't know. I got to figure something out. Being a relationship is always tough, you know? I've always said, people say weird stuff. And you're like, Mark, you're a comedian. Must be a great boyfriend. Why do you say that? Well, women love funny guys. All right. We're checking the one singular positive aspect. If you do it with any guy, I think it'd be, seem like a great boyfriend. See you real killer. Take out the killing. This guy's organizing cleans up after himself. Terrorist. Take out the terrorized guy's passionate. Loves the travel. Chalmalester. Take out the molesting. This guy's got a van. I can't wait to start a family. LAUGHTER I just got a bad brain. I'm too literal. Literals bad with dating and stuff. I had a blind day once, where I went to the girl's saw me. She goes, hey, I bet we'd have really cute kids. I was like, all right, I bet we'd have great sex. And she goes, well, slow down. It's like, slow down. You're nine months ahead of me. Ah, this girl hated me. She was like, you know, I feel very brave tonight. I was like, why is that? Because I'm not wearing any makeup. I was like, how's that brave? Because I'm being my true self, being the real me. I was like, OK, she's like, you should be brave. Well, yeah, maybe I will. She's like, what are you going to do? I was like, I'm going to stop pretending she's interesting. LAUGHTER She was like, wow, I can't believe you just said that. I was like, yeah, took guts. LAUGHTER I don't know. Working on it, trying to get better. I realize I'm a weirdo. I remember I had a one night stand once. Went great, fun night, hanging out. But during the sex, you did a new one I never seen before. She had like a four-year-old. You ever come across this? We'd be having sex. I don't know where she'd be like, you know, if you want to even pull my hair. I don't think. Mm. LAUGHTER And we keep going, you know, if you want to even slap my ass. I was like, you got it. I keep going. You know, if you want to, you can choke me. I was like, I do. And we finished we had a great night. We're laying there. And I was like, you know, if you want to, you can leave. She didn't care for that when I thought the timing was perfect, you know? A lot of girls get mad about the whole leaving thing. But if something personal against you leaves, it's just a weirdo. I'm in my head. I'm a nut. I'm an introvert. I got to get out of there. A lot of girls get mad like, what do you just bang me and leave? Well, yes, this was a long night. I've been trying to win you over like nine hours. I'm exhausted. There were five guys at the bar hitting on you. I'd outcharmed them. Be more interesting. Be conversation. Be funny. Be all night. She was like, what? You're going to just bend yourself. I'm like, what are you fucking stupid? LAUGHTER You do myself, what? I'm an Indian. If I was myself, you're like, hey, if that or let's fuck. Ah. That's not going to work. She was like, well, I don't get it. Why do you want to leave? Like, I don't know. I just going to go talk to somebody. Well, why not talk to me? I just want to go talk to a friend. She can tell me anything. Well, that's not true. She's like, I swear to God, you can tell me anything you want. She's like, all right, well, I recently had sex with a woman and she won't let me leave. LAUGHTER So that ended. What is that with the leaving, ladies? Don't really hit a nerve with you guys. Ladies, you want a guy to stay? Make them want to stay. Like, guys, we have pickup lines. Ladies, you need state put lines. That's where you kick in. It's OK. I approached you at a bar. I was nervous. I was on my heels, chucking and jiving. I made it work. Now, you want me to hang out? So you do it. Isn't that justice? She's like, well, you're not being that fun right now? I'm like, I know I already did that. That's how I fucked you. LAUGHTER But now, you want me to stay? So you go. It's just a shift change. That's all. Wind me over. Charm me. Sweep me off my feet. You do it. I don't get it. Girls are always like, I want this kind of like me. You push your boobs together. Where high heels, you look sexy as hell. Then a guy's sexier like, that's it? Well, that's what was advertised. It's very confusing. You tricked me. Your outfit's like a movie trailer. I'm like, oh, I want to see that movie. I go see the movie. Then I go home. LAUGHTER I don't sit around going, I got to get to know this theater. LAUGHTER And I'm not saying the theater sucks or anything's wrong with it. It just wasn't advertised. Talk to me. I love you. I had a girl once. You can't leave. You fucked me. Well, is this how you get people to hang out with you? LAUGHTER How about a conversation? Anico, knock knock. Something. Ladies, you do kegels, tighten up those stories. LAUGHTER I didn't even get why this is so controversial. I'm just tired. I've exobbled, bragging the heat all night. I've been playing the hits. I'm exhausted. I want to go. I was like, well, how could you be fake all night? I'm like, well, you fake to two. You don't look like that. You wear makeup. We're both full of shit. Your eyes don't go, lulloo at the end or whatever. We're both lying. I'm just wearing makeup in my personality. That's all. LAUGHTER I don't know. Like, ladies, you know when you go out to dinner with a guy, like, just because you bought me dinner, it doesn't matter who you sex. And that's true. But just because you let me have sex with you, I mean, I owe my morning. Right? It's the same exact transaction. Equality. I don't know. That's why it's weird women go, we're just as horny as men. Yeah, maybe. We have a lot more requirements, ladies. Quite a checklist. You're like the Goldilocks of Dick. This guy's too short. This guy's too dumb. This guy's just right. Guys, we'll fuck the porch. LAUGHTER And I'm not saying one is better. We're just different. I go to the doctor. He's like, what happened? I was like, it was too hot. LAUGHTER But look, I get it. You know, it's got to be tough to be a lady. I feel like women are getting screwed in the orgasm department. I feel like men are having way more orgasms than women in that sucks. People are talking about the wage gap. The orgasm gap is out of control. You gals are getting 77 cents to the boner. LAUGHTER Like, if a woman had to have an orgasm to get pregnant, they'd be like two people here. LAUGHTER And you get nothing for your orgasm, ladies. Like, if a guy is an orgasm, go and get pregnant. Care a baby for nine months. Deliver the baby, then breastfeed the baby. And all the guy to do is this. LAUGHTER And he tried really hard not to do that. It's a horrible set up of the woman. The guy is all the fun. The girl is all the work. That'd be like if I ate a whole chocolate cake and the girl gained weight. And she went to the gym, and I got puffed. LAUGHTER That'd be tough. Plus, women, constantly judged by your looks. That's got to be exhausting. Constantly judged by your looks. But y'all not look good. You all look great. That's how women figured out to take the selfie up here. That was all you, ladies. You know what your good sightlines are. I think that's why women like tall guys. It's just some guy looking at you from your best angle, 100% of the time, all day long. That's why you don't hook up with short guys. It's just some guy like, geez, look at the triple chin on this broad. Holy hell. LAUGHTER Yeah, you like a tall man, ladies. And that's okay. That's how you're wired. You're all a bunch of height supremacists. LAUGHTER That was always the first question back on the dating apps. You're over six feet. You're over six feet. You're over six feet. You're over six feet. I fell bad after a while. I fell out of come up with something. I was like, well, no. But if it helps, I'm still growing as a person. LAUGHTER That's what I got annoyed with. One girl was like, how much do you weigh? She was like, whoa, that's body shaming. It's hard for me to lose weight. It's even harder for me to gain height. LAUGHTER Yeah. Plus, men are so visual. That's a lot of pressure. Constantly, men are so visual. You never know what your guy is looking at. My ex girlfriend, very paranoid. Always going through my phone, sock drawer, sniffing me. Always looking for clues. That's why I'm surprised you don't see more female detectives. LAUGHTER Ladies, you guys will be amazing at that. You guys are intuitive. You're curious. You're persistent. I feel like you gals with crack every case as long as you thought it was personal. LAUGHTER That's the key. Like, man, this guy killed 18 people in Fresno. So what? Well, he's also cheating on your best friend. Give me the file. LAUGHTER Correct. That case in an hour. LAUGHTER Gotta be tough, ladies. Constantly judged by your looks. Gotta be exhausting. But somehow, men get the blame for this. Like, it's just men judge you women. What should we do? Well, ladies, you guys judge each other quite harshly. You judge yourselves by your looks. You do stuff to your looks, men even care about. Eat your nails done? Who's that for? We don't give a fuck. LAUGHTER All this jewelry and stuff? No guys are really like, oh my god. See that necklace Kelly was wearing? Holy hell. LAUGHTER That's all you, we don't care. But it's always men. Friend of mine, she got breast implants. So I was like, hey, they look great. She goes, uh, men. So shallow. I got these for me. I was like, okay, well, then you're shallow. LAUGHTER Why is this on me on the sun? Look, we're all shallow, all right? But ladies, you can tell your shallow about how you get offended by. Friend of mine, some guy called her overweight. She flipped. Started dieting every day. Just to spite this guy. Started exercising just out of anger. I bet it my friend got called dumb. She wouldn't angrily go back to college. Interesting. They say the C word is the worst thing you call a woman. I think it's fat. What do you think, ladies? Hmm. C word is bad. Shouldn't call a woman the C word. I think fat is worse because it's visible. The C word's an opinion. That's why I know that. That's why no woman ever looks in the mirror in the morning. She goes, ah, I just feel country today. Yeah. What do you think? Country? Is this putting off country in this? I don't know. You can measure fat as a scale right there. There's no unit of measurement for the C word. That'd be a great info, Marcelo, wouldn't it? I feel so much better after I lost 13, country meters. LAUGHTER But that's the thing, ladies. I feel like you gals get so down about your looks but you can do so many amazing things you never really brag about. Let's go through a list of stuff women can do that's unbelievable. First of all, you can make people. LAUGHTER That's insane. People are coming out of you alive. You can be bragging by that constantly. I know men will take a photo of a good shit. LAUGHTER You're making human beings! How annoying would men be if they could make people a mad ham ham ham? Men named kids absent. They'd even do anything. That's Jimmy Jr. Oh yeah, what'd you do? Pfff, I came. LAUGHTER She didn't. I gotta do everything around here, yeah? LAUGHTER Ladies, you can feed people. That's bananas. You got grade A, vitamin D, organic milk, on tap. LAUGHTER What do you got to cup a coffee? Right here. Volicereal? I got you. You're a fucking dairy. I know a girl she's lactose intolerant, still producing milk. She's making something, she's getting intolerant. LAUGHTER Much like my mom do with me. LAUGHTER Ladies, you live longer than men. And you have a higher threshold for pain than men. On paper, you're like a superhero. On paper. But that's the thing. You ladies are so incredible. You're such amazing beings. You're some of the most insecure people of every men. It's always by looks. What are you getting at your woman? Own it! It was the one with the cockiest bitch on the planet. What do you have a paper cut? I've been bleeding for three days. This fucking guy, huh? What else you got? Oh, you cut yourself shaving? Oh, last week an immigrant waxed my tank. LAUGHTER What's that you push out of kidney stone? Ooh, I pushed out a little league player. How do you like that? Now give me those fruit loops. Aaaaaah! But one of the most amazing things about women, the thing you get no credit for, ladies, the most unbelievable, impressive thing is your ability to hide everything. Everything is a goddamn secret. You're all in the CIA. You have the real you, then you let us see. We'll go with menstruation. Pretty big deal. Let's start there. You hide it pretty goddamn well. Men are clueless. We have to guess. Is that time of the month? What do you think? Time of the month? Is she acting weird? Do you have anything? Is it time of the month? Do you realize that men got there? They'd be blood everywhere on the walls, the sidewalk, everywhere. Everywhere. This guy's walking to work out, fucking uterine lining Jesus Christ. Holy hell, goddamnit. Give me one of those masculine napkins. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You two, huh, Jeff? Guess we're synced up. Yeah, there we go. All right. There we go. That says don't flush it, but fuck it. It's all hidden. Everything's hidden. I used to work in an office in Midtown, Manhattan. I was the only guy on the floor. It was me and like a hundred women. I never heard one fart, not a tooth, not a cleave, nothing. Nothing. Sometimes on Friday I'd bring in Chilean, just wait. Nothing. I farted up here eight times tonight. I walked it on one woman once, once taking a shit. It was like I walked it on a murder scene. She was like, get the fuck off! Jesus Christ, take it easy. You're allowed to shit. On the opposite, you walk in a me-shit. I'm like, hey, what'd you bring? Nothing. You're giving us nothing, ladies. All your sexual stuff, that's all under wraps, very hush-hush. Men walk around my ass, man. I'm a boo-man. Never see a woman go. I'm a ball-gale. Yeah. I love that sack. Nothing. It's giving us nothing. Then you want us to know how you're feeling and stuff. What are you getting? We're in the dark. Sometimes I read a Cosmo. A woman's magazine just gets a mince-eyed dirt. One time I was reading a Cosmo, there was a full-page article on how to go down on a woman properly. It's like, this should be in like guns and ammo or a field of street. Court's illustrated. Teachers, like, we want to please. God damn you. You got fake eyelashes. Hair extensions, banks, foundation. You should know what I'm thinking. I even know you fucking look like. That's why it's weird when a woman's like, you want to have sex with me? I get to know me first. Get to know you. You're wearing three pounds of jewelry clown makeup and a whole lot of fart for four weeks. I don't know who the hell you are. That's why it's so important to have sex. It's not because we're horny psycho animals we are, but it's important because you finally see behind the curtain for the first time. And it's glorious. Ladies, your hair is so beautiful. It's so beautiful. You're wearing the curtain for the first time. And it's glorious. Ladies, your hair is messed up. You're naked. Yelling out filthy obscenities. You're like, damn, who's this? Your friend calls, hey, it took a month, but you bang Sarah. How was it? Great. I finally met her. He's like, oh, man, all right. We'll come over. We'll talk about him. I got cash. You won't let me leave. Thanks a lot. I'm Kevin Hart. You guys were great. What a crowd. Thank you so much for coming out. I appreciate it. Praise the law. Get home safe. I'm gay. Thank you. Have a good night. Keep it up. LA, I love you. Governor. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Wow, thank you guys so much. I'm so excited to be in New York City. This is amazing. Oh, so great to be here. I actually just got back from my high school reunion. Yeah, they asked if I wanted to perform at it. I was like, I would rather strip at my family reunion. Then tell jokes to the girl who, during class, pierced her own belly button with a stapler. Yeah, grew up in a real methe area. My high school crush showed up with a marijuana leaf tattooed on his face. I was still in denial. I was like, well, someone's not afraid of commitment. I come from some weird DNA. My parents met playing in a professional foosball tournament. So if you're embarrassed to met your spouse on Tinder, could be worse. I literally wouldn't exist if it weren't for foosball. Which is sad. Some of you wouldn't exist if it weren't for boxed wine. So it's like, I would ever. It's weird. Not only is my dad a pro foosball player. He's also a slam poetry champion. He's an international yo-yo man. My dad has the sex appeal of a fanny pack. I'm lucky though, because most parents are disappointed if their kid becomes a comedian. But my circusy parents are like, wow, you did a show and they paid you $12. You're like a lawyer. Oh, didn't pass the bar. You guys just set the bar very low. We're a nerdy family. Like I have the deadly peanut allergy, but some people just think I'm on a diet. Because last week I turned down a peanut butter cookie and the woman said, oh, come on, live a little. I was like, I'm actually trying to live a lot. Not counting calories, just dodging death. I have so many allergies. I'm allergic to latex. Found that one out in a fun way. Yeah, my biggest fear is a peanut butter and condom sandwich. And it's scary because I'm actually allergic to most allergy medicines. It's like Charles Darwin just waving by, girl. You ain't making it. I'm like the millennial mascot. All millennials and me systems look like the Charlie Brown Christmas tree. All fragile and exposed. Older generations are scared of things like gluten. Old people are made of toast. My mom just told me that when she was pregnant with me, she only ate instant mashed potatoes, kittles, and donuts. I was like, oh, that's why I'm broken. I got coffee with a friend recently and she told me that she's trying to be a better person. I was like, oh, that's nice. What do you have been doing? She goes, well, I'm taking less selfies. Oh, take it easy, mother Teresa. Say some of the Lord's work for the rest of us. Everyone says we're so self-absorbed now with our selfies, but I think we were way worse before that. Because at one point, we were all in school and we all had school picture day. And then we ordered physical copies of photos of ourselves and gave them to people. Like narcissistic sociopaths. Can you imagine doing that now as an adult? She's going up to a coworker, unprompted like, I signed it. Thank you guys so much. Oh, my goodness. Kelsey Cook, everybody. Come on, Kelsey. Visit Kelsey Cook.
What up, Mike Young here. Detroit Native, living in LA 16 years. Comedian, writer, director, directed two movies nobody really saw. That's okay, maybe I'll get to direct another one. Everybody in LA has got a film fun. Right now priority number one, get a new hour of material and do a special. That's all we want is comedians is a special. That's it. Right now I'm going on stage in 15 minutes. Fan, how you doing, man? Mike Young, I'm on it in 15. Just want to rest up. I'm going to check in right in front of me. Oh no, man, I'm a regular here. I'm on the wall between Sag and Kinnison. Mike Young. Who the fuck is Mike Young? Being single is exhausting. You got to be in physical shape, mental shape, verbal condition. You got to talk. It's fucking words everywhere. I got to get a girlfriend just so I could shut up again. I cannot wait to be quiet and competition is real out there in the streets. It's real. Guys are out there in tight shirts and hair gel everywhere. Me and this one guy were talking to the same girl. He tried to hit her with like an athletic achievement and a hand touch. I had to come back strong with a sensitive story and a back rub. I don't play games. Then he tried to come out with like a business I was going to make millions. I had to go right to a lie. I'm like my family invented the table. You ever heard of the table, bro? It's kind of a big item player. Yeah, I'm Mike Table. Google me. Walk away. Now it's over. Hi. Paul texted and wanted to know what time basketball was. And I think your mom called, but it just had home. Baby, you can't check my text. That's invasive. You're going to have sex with me, but I can't check your phone. Those two things have nothing to do with each other. They do to me. Don't worry, Mike. I'm not going to let me to you or anything. Oh my god. How could you even say something like that? We had a great night, a great consensual night. Two pillows each. Both slept great. I got you water twice in the middle of the night. Hot coffee in the morning. I love the songs. I cannot hear that song right now. I know you dated this girl by how. What do you mean how? You dated Caroline and you were reading glasses and you drive a Honda Accord. Honda Accord's motor trend car the year three years running. You have major trust issues. Didn't we talk about this last night? We just met last night. Two kinds of girls, over 30 under 30. There is a distinct difference. Over 30 they got their ship figured out. Yeah, they're here talking. They know what they want. If there's a one night stand, it was a one night stand for her too. She didn't want to be there either. She's a grown woman, bro. You got used. You got used. It happens. Every now and then you will get used. Here's a hint, fellas. Anytime everything you say works, it's not you. Just a little tip from single Mike. It's a grown woman. She will tuck you in like a child and leave with carry out. She doesn't care. You looked up, she was in your toaster oven making a chicken case idea. You didn't even know you had chicken. Not under 30. Oh, young girls, they'll stay for the weekend. They don't give a shit. Ah, they move right in. They don't leave. They act like their parents struck them off for a slumber party. It's 12 o'clock in the afternoon like what's for lunch? A taxi sandwich. You have to go. You don't live here burrito is what we're having today. All right, you're having an uber salad, uber salad. Well, young girls, they got so much energy too. Under 30, energy for days. All they wanted to, let's go to the after party. I'm exhausted. Is anybody tired? I'm not going to the after party unless they're soup. How good is soup? It's like you're already in bed. I love a good soup. If there's French onion soup, I'll eat you're pussy and call your uncle. It's the best soup I ever had. Who makes that soup? I'll eat the cheese and throw out the soup. I'll sleep in that soup. Under 30. They want a play fight. I'm a grown man. All right, don't put me in a headlock. You just pinched a nerve. That shit hurts. Yeah, now I'm hurt. I got a softball game Thursday. My team needs me. I'm a three time off star. You don't just put me out of the game. Punch me in the stomach. That's how Houdini died. You could kill somebody. You don't just punch people when they're not looking. Under 30. Even in bed, women get better as they get older. These younger girls are doing shit they see on the internet. I don't even know what these moves are. I can't keep up. I don't know your move. This girl is crawling on the edge of the bed. I was like, yo, did you lose your wallet? Where are you going? What are you doing in my hallway? This doesn't even make sense. None of this is fun for me. Come back. Fuck it. Get the mail. Let it come back. You work for me now. I don't know what these moves are. These young girls, but they grew up on internet porn. That's not real. All right, it's not real. You don't have to spit everywhere. Quit spitting. It's not a spit fest. You're drooling like a kid. All right, relax. Stop it. Over 30. They just got their shit together. You know what I mean? I'm not afraid to pull out toys in the bedroom. They'll pull them out right there. They don't care. I was with one girl. She had a whole droplet of shit. I panicked. Yeah, I was involved in a threesome. I was the only human being. I didn't know what to do. All right? I was in the corner with a remote control car. What am I even doing here? She had real toys. She said, let's do it again. I'm like, let me finish my Lego castle. It's a wrap, man. I'm done. The single life's going to kill me. Whoa, slow down, all right? You got to stay unsettled. I'll be the settled guy. If you settle down, then I don't have any stories. And I need them to live through. Any chance you're guys are going to get the money for my movie? Oh, yeah, it's a lot. I mean, these guys have to make $12,500,000 movies by the end of being here. I would love to be one of those movies. I know. Can they get me a friend pass on Raya? You verified? I don't even know what that means. Wow, then you got to be richer, famous. Is there a section for potential? No. Fuck, Raya. Who wants to go on a site with nothing but beautiful girls? My next relationship, I got a quick mistake and crazy for interesting. Every guy's done it. Oh, you're so spontaneous in full of life. This goes the life of the party. Look at her go six weeks in. Wow, you're bipolar. This is real shit. This is so real. You don't like me. I like all the different views. Bring back Sunday. Sunday just reads and relaxes. Tuesday will kill you on a Wednesday. I'm done with fast, explosive relationships. We've all had it though. You ever have one of those where you do everything in a week and you never talk again? Just doing all right away. We met. We fought. We had great sex. I got your brother a job. We never talked again. We did it all. I talked to my doctor. I got low T. It's real. You don't have low T, Bobby. You got a low T life. You got the perfect amount of T for your life. You're married to a great girl. You stay inside most of your life. You don't want my T. Give me the antler, Mike. I know you got it. I'm not giving you the antler, Bob. This is what kept Barry Barnes out of the hall of fame. Trust me. This is what pro athletes are on. So why are you on it? Because being single in LA is a pro sport. Give me the fucking antler, Mike. All right, Bob. Two squirts only on the tone. Mike popped in the three-point line and I'll kick it out. Guys, when I go down low, find me. I'm just in the shoe. Ah, don't shoot it. Got it. Bob, you all right? Press it on. Let me ask you a question. How does it feel to take someone's idea and just sell it to a studio and make a fucking fortune? And you don't even reach out? I should take your shaved head and shave it again. Because you know what? I can do any fucking thing I want, because that's what I can do. I didn't steal your idea, Bob. I was working on making an afraid for years before we even met. Hey, we had naked. You added a frayed and sold it. I'm your dentist, Bob. The show is a fluke. I just saw your wife in the office on Thursday. Yes, I know. She came home swollen, you muller, fucker. She looks like a sad, crying, blowfish. Married friends versus single. All right. Married friends do not have my immune system. You can't do what I do, OK? You got kids, your kid walks in, sneezes, your whole family's a mess for a month. I make out with a stripper on a Wednesday just to clear my sinuses. I'm like a walking Z-pack. I couldn't catch a cold if I wanted one. Couldn't catch. I'm getting older, but I'm staying young. I'm keeping it young. I'm in a softball league, hockey league, basketball league. Yeah, I can't even work. I got an 80 game season. I got no time to work right now. Are you crazy? Playoffs are coming. Don't fuck around. We got to get that championship this year. It's probably not going to happen. My team's 0 and 8. We're terrible. We're like the bad news bears before they went to rehab. I got a right fielder hooked on diet pills. He's just shaking in the outfield, pulled a hamstring without even moving. Ow. I got a center fielder so stoned. He's like, wow, who cuts all this grass? My first basement thinks he's good. He's horrible. I should be pitching. You should be home. You're terrible. And he brings this girl to every game. Why do you bring your girl when you're terrible? That's like the opposite of showing off, bro. She's going to fuck the shortstop by accident. Quit bringing your girl. I got that one guy best dressed, worst athlete. Don't you love him? Guys got $500 worth of shit I couldn't catch a beach ball. Looks amazing. Just comes out smooth. He gets the ball. Yeah. But you keep my other team because his dad owns a sporting good store. Got to get free shit. My captain's still yelling at us. You ever get yelled at as an adult on a team? It's a little uncomfortable. Where is your speed, Mike? In high school, Pete. Who am I kidding? I'm getting old. I'm pulling muscles doing nothing. You ever yawn and get stuck? How's going on in the facial area? Do I just say I have a small section of my head dehydrated? What is happening right here? You're like, oh, I don't know. Ah. I was a kid. I could play Street Football for 10 hours, bounce off a car, a fender I was fine. Yesterday I pulled a neck muscle ordering food and looking left. I was like, yeah, let me get it. Oh, that's got to be something serious. Hold on, what's that, bro? Hold on, what's that? No, seriously, it's just in my lung area. It's floating in a rib. I'll be fine. Just give me a second. My boy's like, what'd you do? I'm like, oh, shit, I talked and turned. I can't talk and turn. He knew. He's like, don't do that, bro. You got to pause. You know, superhero. Are you crazy? There's air involved, man. Wake up. Can't just have run out sentences. What's up, Mike Young? Jason, what up? Just living. What's happening? All right, here's the deal. My boy Paul's got two hedge fund guys out of New York. They read my script. They love the movie. They say they want to fund the movie and maybe let me direct it. They've got to make $12,500,000 films this year. For some reason, they have to spend the money. I don't know, some kind of tax code. Rich people, shit. Will you please give them a call? You know, I will, baby. Look, if they got real money, put you in a three-pitcher deal. Slive my life story right inside that motherfucker. You know, there's some interest in shit before I manage it, Mike Young. My life will make a hell of a movie. Well, that's great. But can we work on making my movie first? Yeah, man. You didn't even need to ask that shit? Well, I feel like I do. I wish I didn't, but I do. I'll talk to you later, man. I'll see you this week. Hey, listen, you got to swing by the new crib. You don't love that motherfucker. All right, I'll talk to you later. MUSIC This is fucking bullshit, bro. One day she's in to me the next day radio silence. Things were going great. I don't think they were ever going great, Stevie. You're a disaster right now. Do yourself a favor. Go off the grid for six days, and on day seven she'll wake up calling you out of nowhere. Why seven days? Women have a clock in their head. They don't hear from you for six days. They wake up day seven. Everybody gets a phone call. Let's do this seven day thing in like seven days, because I told her we're going to help us set up a birthday party. So you're in? Absolutely not. But maybe. MUSIC You ever leave your friends and go, why are we still hanging out? MUSIC This table's got to be thinking that shit right now. MUSIC This poor guy has to be well done. MUSIC Just wondering how you got here. MUSIC I got one friend so lazy his goal was for me to make it. That's a bad goal. MUSIC I can't be your goal, bro. MUSIC Hello. MUSIC Well, I've fucked a rapper in my parents living room last night. You know what? I'm 100% on board with it. I need a shot. You know, put your pussy on time out, Heather. Seriously, you're going to get killed out there in this treat. Be careful. Women are the new men. I met one girl. She was married, dating, and sort of seeing somebody. Good for her. I'd love to meet her. You know what? I'm having a great time for your information. My divorce is final. I haven't felt this free in years. And I think I might really like this Devante guy. He's a beautiful person. He's a poet. He's fucking hot. Really? What happened to you just dating dudes around here? Oh, all my dick moved to Venice. That's literally the greatest sense I've ever heard in my life. All I'm going to write that down. Absolutely. Yeah, no straight white hedge fund dick is worth traffic on the town. I'll write that down too. Oh, do you want to come to the studio with me? Devante is recording a new song. You wants me to hear it? I love the studio. Are you kidding me? You can't go there by yourself. You look at your maid out of a fendee bag. You know, I've been thinking about Saturday night. Liz has a friend. I think she's a single mom. So we're probably better off doing like a low-key dinner, and then we'll turn it up in our chat. Hell no, bro. Single moms don't want fun and food. Single moms want cocaine and house music. Cocaine? And I had a good cocaine. Yeah, I don't do cocaine, but I can get cocaine. I used to open for Ron White, Dave Chappelle, Mike Epps. I can get you cocaine weed and a gun. Thursday at noon. I got friends going through divorce. If you're going through it, I'm sorry. It's ugly. You know what I mean? But quit trying to hang out with me. You're embarrassing me. All right, quit trying to hang out with single Mike. It's making me, you know what I mean? You don't have my immune system yet. You don't just go from divorce to single. All right, you got to stretch out for a month. Yeah, you got a weak system, OK? You got kids, your kid walks in, sneezes, your whole family's a mess for a week. I make out with a stripper on a Wednesday just to clear my sinuses. I'm disgusting. I'm like a walking Z-pack right now. I can't even catch a cold. I'm not proud of it. I'm going through a phase. Married friends, stop your vicarious living. All right, it's killing me. It's stressing me out. And I don't need your secrets. That's too many secrets. I'm not a vault. Not a vault. All right, fuck. Work on that bit. Am I divorce friends coming to hang out at the club? Just what are you doing? Take a minute. You know what I mean? Showing girls pictures of your kid's soccer team. What's wrong with you, bro? This girl's 26 years old. Break out the cocaine and tell a lie. She does not want to see the picture of the kid's soccer team. She was on that team four years ago. She's in the picture. What the fuck is wrong with you? Stop it. You're embarrassing everybody. The forced guys are depressing to watch, especially the forced guys with money. You see a divorce, a divorce rich guy? There are mess. That's where Granpa pussy came from. Yeah, I don't care what side of your eye. It doesn't matter. Granpa and the pussy was never the thing. You know what I mean? Fellas, you don't grab the pussy. You put your hand in the thigh and say a prayer. See what it happens. Say a light prayer. Next week I'm going to Vegas for a bachelor party. That should be terrible. Yeah, if you clap for Vegas, that means you've been once. That is the worst place in the world. Oh, you think you have fun, right? But then you get to Vegas. Every Vegas trip is the same. You're like, yeah, we're going to Vegas. We're going to make money. We're going to meet girls eight hours in the day one. Yo, broke. Give me the hell out of here right now. I don't even care how I get home. I'll hitchhike. Where are you going? Arizona, drop me off. I'll start a candle company. I'll start my whole life over. I've never been this suicidal before. You go to Vegas. You lose money. You ever lose money? Start rationalizing the trip. I'm trying to pretend you're even. You start counting shit up. It doesn't matter. No, brawm even. I got a free clothes sandwich and I swam. I'm killing it, bro. I saw white tigers. That's going to be too grand. I'm actually up $1,500. I went to the mirage. It's like a jungle. What's Africa? 20,000? Bro, I am killing at this trip. It's depressing losing money. There's always a guy that can take what he wants to give you advice that you need to be asked for. You're just thinking out loud like, oh, I should. I hit his six against a eight. Well, you got nothing to lose. And then you lose. I've never seen that before. It's a carotawatt. It's happening. My Detroit criminal mind kicks in. I'm like, I don't know if fucking snatch this guy's chips. And they party hard at Vegas. Yeah, they party too hard. Anytime it's 5 a.m., and you see a 70-year-old man moonwalking, go home, bro. Go home. Guys, have a more fun than everybody. Leave me a like, junior. What were I? When you single, everybody trusts you. Trust somebody else. As soon as you tell me a secret, my first thought is, who can I tell? I can't wait to tell somebody. Yo, what's going on, honey? Mikey, Mikey, Mikey. Have you seen the new girl upstairs in a pop before, dear? No, who is? Yeah, I can't really get into it. Building policy, I could fight. Dollar chain, right? But she used to be an adult. Don't actors. Now she's transitioning into real estate. That's an amazing transition. But she also still dabbles. Oh, you don't just dabble there, man. There's no half dabble in the house. She still dabbles. That's a tough dab. And again, I can't say anything because of building policy, but I fixed a washer and dry the other day, and then we're sex toys, everyone. Wow, man. That's an incredible story. Do me a favor, honey. While I have you here, can you please just check my washing machine, take a quick look at it. Let's make it a weird sound. Yeah. Yeah, not now. I'll stop back later. You got your work gloves, man? Yeah, no, I'll be back. I'll be back. You know what I say? Love the flaws. Just accept each other's flaws. You'll be good. You know what I mean? Foulish, just look at your girl like, oh, babe, that's so cute. But you yell at me about shit that never happened. So adorable. Keep losing your keys. I'm going to hold you forever. I'm so cute. Leave me having another game. Kill the whole family. I want to hold you. Come here. You're so pretty. What's up, Mike, young? Look at you. Working from home now, huh? Shit, yeah. I'm going to take shoes off. Yeah, man. Every day is casual Tuesday. You got to worry about nobody trying to spew my parking space as fucking quiet. Save a shit ton on gas. And you got to worry about other managers trying to steal my fucking clients. What's happening, man? You get it, Bill. Good, man. I'm good. How you doing? I'm good. You know, did you talk to Paul? Those guys getting the money for the movie, what do you think? Is it going to happen? Did you talk to him? Sepsy. Is it out, man? Relax. No. I'm going to slow play him. Let him call me a few more times. Make him hungry. Let him know you're busy. But I'm not busy. I'm the opposite of busy. I don't want to slow play. I need a quick play. All right, reverse psychology. Not the move on this one. I got something else I want to put you down with. Hit me out. So I sold a show to Discovery Channel. You sold a show? How did you sell a show? You're a manager. You know I love old cars, right? Yeah, but I think we're way off track right now, man. Did you know that in 1983, Corvette didn't make a car? What about my career? The plan's already laid. Just hit me out, right? They get. So I tell these cats, what if we design a 83-Vet? All of a charity every week. Motherfucker gets a car and his life together. It's like a make-a-wish for car lovers. Motherfucker's will love that shit. What do you think they said? They want me to direct. That's a done deal when we get going, baby. They said they want the show. And they want me to host that motherfucker. So you're telling me that my manager is hosting a show that he also created? God is good, Mike. Is nobody happy with where they are in life? My doctor wants to be an actor. My waiter wants to be a screenwriter. And my manager wants to do everything except manage me. If my doctor's too busy thinking about his one-man show, I could be dead. I couldn't drink it for a year. I'm back. I'm back. That's right. For a stupid year. I remember the whole year. You don't need to remember the whole year. You don't need to mean there's no reason for it. I got regrets. You don't need to remember my regrets. My one of these people is like, I got no regrets for what's good with life. You got no regrets. I just mean you're an asshole. I got no regrets. You ever noticed some more expensive to alcohol, the cooler the buzz? I drank Hennessy. I thought I was an 82-year-old black jazz musician. I started giving advice for no reason. I was like, you got to work hard, Jr. Ain't no shortcuts in life, playboy. But then you drink cheap shit like wild turkey. Like, I'm going to shoot a relative. You don't talk to me like that in a family function. I put this picnic on. And then you drink Jack Daniels. You ever drink whiskey? Some friend has an emotional outburst for no reason. Mike, I know you 20 years, bro. I killed for you, bro. You don't have to. I want to. I'm tired of waiting. Your father was a good man. You're like, he's not even dead. He doesn't care. They talk about events that didn't happen. Night grade football, we were in the trenches together. Together, Mike. Mike, I didn't make that team. He gets upset, fuck that coach. You were gifted. You were a true talent. We in the club, in the club. To A.M. She tried for 3 A.M. I beat it up. We in the club. For A.M. We were back to the club. They see the blue check. They know I'm terrified. Let me clarify. Nick is doing business. I made another break. Not talking 95. You got to rip them up. We never get in trouble. I saw my neck like I think of the other thing. You know, you saw a great man in the pocket, message clear, really saying something. Appreciate that, man. I appreciate that. I grew up on hip hop. Just saying, J.M. Master J was a friend of mine. Oh, J.M. Master J. I stole J.M. J.M. Master J. Damn, how old are you? I met him when I was a kid. Mike used to rap. My face is younger than my chest is. My face is younger than my chest is. My face is younger than my chest is. I'm old and I'm young all at the same time. Rap. Real? Yeah, man. Detroit 99. Shit was real. Seven mile. If she's in a 20s, take it down with the one. If she's in a 30s, bring it up with the two. If she's in a 40s, I don't even touch it. You could get lost in the jungle. What happened to the group? I've fight broke out in a club, scared my DJ into doing bar mitzvahs. Yeah, shit. All right. Also, my ex used to record here. Who's that? Carol Lane. Carol Lane? Oh, shit. Yeah, why is everyone so shocked that that was my ex? Am I uglier than I think? No. What are my boys produced there? Is that code for Slup With? Because I'll cry in a counting studio right now. Yo, too, man. Even like that. I knew music is dope though. I fuck with it. I'm going to go outside real quick, grab my sweatshirt. I'm freezing. That's your best friend? Yeah. You ain't fucking it. No. Get the motherfucking drown, nigga. What? Get the deck white, lightning. The Saint-Nor-Gay. I'm in the studio with Devante. Fuck Devante. The Saint-Nor-Red neighborhood, Cous. What's up with that shirt? You trying to say something out here? No, bro. The Red Wings are two and oh. It's the playoffs right now. Fuck hot. It's a great sport. You'd love it. For white people? No way, man. Are you kidding? P.K. Subans. What are the greatest players in the world? He's black. I totally dig the gang culture. I know a gang is just a family. Take that motherfucking shirt off, Cous. Ah. It's just a game. That's the only color you got. I'm a loyal fan. I grew up outside Detroit, so I still have criminal friends. Everybody's got one criminal friend they grew up with. You know what I mean? You're never shocked that he became a criminal. He's that guy that would take a regular prank too far when you were a kid. You'd be like, a man, let's throw eggs to the neighbors and we could throw the paper to the tree. We'll soap the door. He's like, hell yeah, then we'll kidnap her fat dad. LAUGHTER Come on, bro. I'm 11. I live alone. And girls, you love them. Girls, it's your fault. Girls love bad boys. They're like, he's so mysterious. You're like, no shit, he's slow. He's a mystery to himself. He's like, what's on his mind? Dust. There's nothing on his mind. MUSIC Should I come in? Fuck no, it's raining. Well, listen, I appreciate you doing this. I remember you from the open mics. You were super hilarious. I always heard you had a side gig going. This isn't my world, but it's my buddy's non-girlfriends birthday party. Turn and eat all the fucking details, so that you're doing me a favor. Put the money in the bucket. Last time I checked your traffic and stole a crime. This guy. Chef, fuck this back for Michael Dora. Tell you, guys, you're fucking genius. He goes down there for baseball, bats, and mocka powder. It comes back with pink cocaine and cacao. Fucking love the guys. A savage. I met him and fucking the half-loubs. You were in jail with the guy? Fuck no. He's the chef. He used to coming on Tuesdays, cooked for him, mob bosses, you know? All right, well, listen, man, I appreciate you. You're a funny dude. If you ever need help in comedy, maybe we need you some punch-up work. You don't have to do this so much, but Larry, you're the man. You shut your fucking mouth, all right? Enough with the names. There's nobody here, man. I'm in the rain freezing. Are you fucking kidding me? They're all over the place. Google's got a drone dedicated to him. Hey, be careful with that shit, all right? I gave some of my girlfriend her pussy started singing the national anthem. She wouldn't let me leave the house. I thought of fucking her and things. Let me tell you something, buddy. If you ever wrote down half the shit that comes out of your mouth, you'd be a huge comedian. Maybe she can do a different business. Let me know. Yeah. I'm telling you, write that shit down, bro. You got to go freak yourself. Is the weed business legal here yet? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. That's an excited yes. What a racket. It's a great racket. You ever wanted to dispensary the guy 900 cuts of weed, right? You walk in, you're like, oh, hot and low. The hippie dude behind the thing is like, what do you want to feel, bro? You want to be able to read out loud. You want to stay awake all night. You want to dream in color. You want to dream in black and white. You want to fuck your cousin's wife. How do you want to feel, bro? What do you want to do? You want to cuddle with your dog? What's up? I just want to get high, man. Now you can't even smoke weed because the weed's too powerful. You get high, now you just start cleaning. I clean. I'll start a maid service. I don't give a shit. I'll clean all day. And you never clean anything. You just straighten it out so it looks better. You're like, yeah, my whole place is fungus. Wayne out. Bam, look at that. Look at that angle. It's like, whatever happened on the old $25 bag dumb dumb weed. Remember the regular weed just get high. Go to Taco Bell, spend $13 for yourself. You walk in, you tell the catcher, I got $13 player. You're going to tap me out. You're going to do this together. I don't know what I want. It's Taco Bell. Everything's great here. Nothing's bad. There's nothing bad on your menu. Get yourself a toast out of you. You seem like a good kid. You come back from Taco Bell with a grocery bag. Best day you ever had in your life. You get high and you take your food all seriously. You're like, one, two, I'll eat you third. Yeah, why wouldn't I go burrito supreme third? I'll be right back. I'm going to put on a robe and no socks. It's the greatest day you ever had. What do they put in Taco Bell? You're going to Taco Bell think this is the best restaurant I've ever been to. I'm like, I don't know if I'm eating a burrito supreme or pussy in Hawaii. This takes exactly the same. I'll sleep here. The hell is in Taco Bell. I don't care if it's not healthy. I'm not on a diet. I live in LA. Everybody's on a fake diet. No carbs, bro. No carbohydrates. All I need is steak, peanuts, cheese, and guacamole. Yeah, bro. Guess what? Your organs are shutting down while you're talking. My body's like, dude, I feel great, bro. I feel lighter. I feel athletic. I don't know what that is, man. That's just right here. Nah. I'm fine, bro. My calves are ripped. I'm definitely going to get that checked out. I think it's just a carotid artery situation. We're so stupid. We don't know anything. We try every little, every trick. There's no trick. No one's getting out. You know what I mean? I know people that died of cancer at 40. I got an uncle of 70, weighs 480 pounds. You know what I mean? Cancer could be inside him like, yo, I can't get past this prick of cheese. I'm trying. I'm trying. We don't know. All we could do is keep it healthy. I quit going to the strip clubs. That's my new thing. I'm done. Every guy does the same shit. I'm not spending more than $80. Six trips to the ATM later. You're robbing a friend. And every dancer's putting herself through college. I didn't realize there's a wave of genius strippers in the world. In 10 years, you're going to beat the neurosurgeon like, pussycat Johnson? Holy shit, you really did it. Oh, let's get a little son. How's it going? I will talk later. Excuse me? Oh, I was just saying hi. What's going on? How are you? Good, thanks. Good. I'm Mike. I live in 301. Just right here. It's my spot. I ride by the pool. I figured I'd come out here. You know, get a little son. Do you always lay out in your jacket? No, I just figured I would go to the gym after this. Stretch it out. I'm going to the game tonight. A little ball game. You pro? Well, not pro. I mean, there was a time when I was, you know, I thought I'd be pro. The family didn't really back me on it. Jewish family wanted me to be a lawyer. No, I'm not a pro. Slow-footed white boy. How about you? I used to be an Olympic concert. Are you serious? Yeah, a long time ago. It's way too hard on my body. I could see that, you know, like us. I look at your body and I'm thinking, you know what? Give that thing a rest. Rest that body. I got a regret. I'm a day to the terrorists. I'm not sure. We had a day to the girl from another country. We were watching CNN. This whole thing that ISIS came on. I'm like, fuck these animals. She's like, everybody does what they have to do. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? What does that even mean? Are you with them? Wow. How you feeling? You moving around on that cane? Well, the walker was more comfortable. I'll get there. I'll be fine. It's just a little frustrating. Did the doctors even say what the stroke was from? Well, first they thought it was a fifth. Then they said it was a clot. Who the fuck knows? Your brother's going to end up killing me before another stroke does. Where is Rob? Let me talk to him. Right here. Yo, what up, brother? Remember, when you come out, you're 39. The kids are 12 and 14. And mom, we're bringing you down to 68. For fuck's sake, stop lying about your age. Oh, it's way too late. I've been lying to everyone. Why do you have to lie about my age? This affects the whole family. Trust me. I can't have you guys running around here with the wrong ages. You're ridiculous. I spoke to Kara, by the way. Mom, listen to me. When we broke up, you were supposed to break up. That's how this works. OK, we all break up together. You really screwed that one up. I'm just saying, settle down for God's sake. All right, listen. I love you. I'll talk to you later, all right? Love you to love you. You still fucked it up. Love you. My ex had a Yorkie. It's not cute. You notice I'd be at 62 walking a four pound dog? It's like being the last one of the neighborhood to know your game. I know. There's no cool way to walk a Yorkie. That's just two bitches walking on the street together. Come on, bitch. You're a bitch. Shut up and keep your head down. I'm talking, dog. Fucking little fake animal. Everybody in LA brags about leaving home. You remember me? These people were the brag about leaving home. Man, 17 years old. I got in the car. I drove across country. I did it myself. Yeah? You know what's harder than leaving home? Staying home. Every stay home where you're from, it's fucking hard. Trust me. Everybody in Detroit has got a tougher life than I do. You know what I mean? My brother runs a construction company trying to put his kids through college. I fucking took two naps yesterday. Yeah, no, I dumped him after. I never dumped him after. One nap just rolled right into another nap. The nap problem. It's not difficult, OK? Yeah, my brother's up at 5.30 in the morning trying to put out a flood and fires. Yeah, I slept with an Asian Instagram and started two weeks ago. You know what my stress was? I wasn't 100% sure it was a woman. I wasn't 100%. It was 86%. She had a great face, heavy hand. What a heavy hand. Fuck. Put the hand on the shoulder. You don't know where that comes from. What do you find professional boxing? I can't do it. I thought I could box this and kid I took box. I'm going to learn how to box. First thing that happens in boxing is you look unbelievable outside of the ring. Outside of the ring, I was one of the greatest warm-up fighters of all time. I could hit the speedbag. Hit the heavy bag. I'm talking to the bag. What's up? Beach pop pop. Right? I got number with an opponent. I was like a gait eighth grader. What are you so mad at? I was terrified. Sarah, where do you need to start like a business? Everybody's thinking we were like what are we talking about? What are you saying, 10mm tech, 5-yeniso? I like saying this, 10% tech and 20% tech and 20% tech, 10% PBG. Mad-I and whatever you're saying, just say to me things. You're saying all of your concerns is really important over the face you're talking about. She's kung koat. involved in real estate while you're at. Let's live healthy! Yeah! Why do we love crazy? Because crazy's good and bad. Crazy's great and bad. The worst, the childhood, the better the sex. I'm sorry that I know that. You sleep with a girl that never met a real dad. Shit's going down. You come out of the bedroom. You're missing a tooth. You got a black eye and your foot's broken. Orphanage pussy. It's unbelievable. God, I wish I didn't say that. Mike, I appreciate this gesture for this party bus. We're going to go. It's a little excessive, no? Hell, no. These things drive themselves. You're not a party bus, buddy. This thing could end up in Vegas or in Marongo Casino. I want to be your daughter. May God, Mom, Dad, I'm not your age. Hi, it's me. I'm just calling because I miss you. And I love you and I'm so much. And I was just calling because I wanted to run this idea by you that I think you're going to love. Give me a call as soon as you get this. Oh, my God. It's three in the morning where you are. Hey, Mike, do you think we could get some more coke if we needed it? I mean, not that we do. Oh, shit. Right on hang up, yeah? You're a beautiful girl in Los Angeles. Just put your finger to your nose. Cocaine just falls out of the sky. You'll be good. You said I was beautiful. How amazing is Mike? Woo! I appreciate you, man. Thank you. I'm sorry I dragged you into this. I'm a fool. Let's go and even talk to him. If she ignores you, I'm going to bring over three girls to the table. I'm going to tell him you are the heir to a railroad for you. But I'm not an heir to a railroad for you. What the fuck, you a history expert? You don't know what you are. Nobody does, man. I went on 23 and me. I found out my family did all kinds of shit. I might have money coming in from a wheat field in Poland. And I might have a piece of corn from a Russian neighborhood. Nobody, thank you. I got you, bro. You ever talked to somebody on cocaine that always want to start a company with you? I never met a more motivated group of people. What the hell is going on, man? I'm not starting a company. Oh, it's all about real stake. Oh, from the guy that you be getting face, I'm fucking hitting him. I'm 47, I'll walk him. I don't give a shit. Puts me in the stomach. What do you feel? What's your name? Boy, where's my goddamn wife? Where is she? What's your name? Puh. My name is Adelaide Wee Better, quit spitting on me. It's a brand new. It's a brand new. It's a brand new. Mike. Can you get my friends in? She's outside and she's like a her ID. I don't own gold. You said you owns a piece. Yeah, I own zero. The smallest piece you could possibly own. Oh, my God. You're like a gummy bear with tits. You're so adorable. Let's get some alcohol. OK. Mike, get my friend. She's hot. I know. She's on scum my favorite pair of boxers. OK. You're kind of hot. Yeah, you touch me again. No, but you're not fucking chokehold. Yo, babyface, diney, asthma. Are you fucking nuts? You don't put your hand on a girl's ass post movement, bro? Coming in here with a tank top fit for a baby with hairy arms halfway up. That's a double code violation. We should throw you out just for the hair that's coming out of your neck. That's my boy's girl. I'm nobody's girl, Mike. OK? Yeah, dude. You're all this fuck. Hold this fuck. I'm 39 years old and light on my feet, bro. You said you were 38. You're 43. I'm all the ages. You don't smack ass post movement, buddy. We don't do that anymore. You smack somebody on the ass. It's a friend of ours. We take your father's company. My father's dead. Yeah, so is mine. So is mine. You don't see us acting up. Sorry about your dad. He's probably looking down on you right now going, why is my kid wearing a tank top? He gets a step of power. Mike, what are you doing? What are you doing? You're acting fucking crazy. I am fucking crazy. I got cocaine in my fingernails. I don't even do cocaine. I got a manager that wants to be on camera talent. Stevie puts a whole party together for you, and you just ignore him. I'm going to fuck Stevie's brains out later. OK, it's fine. Don't worry about your friends. Just worry about yourself. All right, let me just turn this into the best party I've ever heard of. Fuck it. Did my head bat, Mom? You're on mom. If you got kids, God bless you. All my friends have kids now. Everybody's kids are genius. Why is everybody's kid a genius? Can't anybody just admit it? Fuck it. Reading's not his thing. It's OK if your kid's not a genius. My dad was not making things up about me. You know what I mean? How's Michael doing in school? Shit, he's in school. I haven't seen him in two weeks. I've seen some of you have smart kids, but it's weird. My buddy's kid is one. He's one. My boy's like, look at my kid, bro. He's analyzing you. Oh, is he? I'm sorry. I thought he was drooling on his foot. You look at the kid. It's like he's humming bubbles. Ah! He doesn't even know I'm in the room. There's no way your kid's a genius, bro. You're his dad. I've known you too long. I know some of you have smart kids. I've got a nephew, 12 years old, smarter than me, and knows it. It's like he's making fun of me in public, asking me questions I can't answer. It's like, Uncle Mike, how come the moon is there? Oh, shit. Why is the moon there? I don't know. That's where God threw it. Google that shit. Don't embarrass me at a picnic. You know what I know. We're on the same reading level. I wish I was great and bad every time. I've accepted it. I'm amazingly average. I don't care because every now and then I'll have an Olympic moment. I don't even know where it comes from. Every guy does the same shit. What did I eat today? I got to start off every day with Crunch Berry and Advil. That was some kind of chemical reaction. This is the new Viagra. Mix it in a bowl. This girl gave me a try Viagra. I don't know what she's like, will you be my guinea pig? I was like, yeah, I risk a heart attack and blindness. Let's go. I got nothing to lose. Let's see what happens when one eye shuts. I don't care. Fuck my elbow. Let's see what goes down. I don't care if one foot is numb. Let's do everything. What the hell is in Viagra? That shit works. I was in the kitchen having sex in the living room. Man, that shit should be illegal. I was making eggs and love. I don't even know if I was there. Just cooking and fucking, I don't know. And you have sex in a Viagra. You get a bad attitude. Oh, you just think you're the king. Yeah, guys, we do. Why I started yelling out commens that don't even make sense. I was like, yeah, you know what just happened? Part my hair. Wash my pinky, talk my hair. Wash my pinky, talk backwards now. Everybody's afraid of a loan time. Everyone's afraid to be a loan. Don't be afraid. I don't mind my loan time. I treat me great. I watch a movie, sip toquila, make some food. Fuck it. I take me out. I wake up in the morning. I got my own phone number. I call me. What are you doing? Nothing. You feel like hanging? Not tonight. I'm getting to know me. Do you have a toothbrush? Fellas, we thought we had money. We didn't. We realized the cost of living wasn't high. The cost of pretending ruined us. It's all right, though, fellas. I got good news. Personality's making a comeback. It's the year of personality. Trust me. I got eight jokes in a Honda court. I'm sleeping with everybody. Funds, the new money. We had so much fun. She forgot we didn't eat. She's just home, hungry and happy. I wish that was true. What a week. I barely got into my own show. I played men's league hoops and I had to leave early. I met a great girl who came to my apartment and refused to leave. I almost got killed for wearing a red shirt and a blue neighborhood. Let me tell you something. Being single is exhausting. And dangerous. Hey, you're a comedian, right? I've seen you at the comedy store, Mike Young. Yeah, a comedian. I also direct when nobody knows. Cool. I'm Johnny. I just moved in here. Jenny. Oh, 4B Jenny. 1A Mike. Cool. Yeah. God bless you in New York. What's up, Mike Young? Yo, what's up, Jason? Any word? Yeah, I spoke to Paul's money, guys. You got great news. Beautiful. Yeah, shit ain't gonna happen. How was that great news? You know, one dough closes, six more open. It's just mother nature at work, you know that shit. Look at this and research and they're looking for some diversity or something, you know. Tough time to be a straight white male, Mike Young. It's great, man. Keep me posted. You know, I will, Mike Young. You did find time to read your script and it's fantastic. It is very good. Unfortunately, you can't afford me. So, I pass. But if you ever get some money, I'd love to do it. And I think I should play some more in the range of like 38 to 41 range. Because... All right. Good luck with that now. Did you just hang up? I'm afraid the boarding happens. You got to shut the fuck up, bro. And I'm just being nice. I don't want you to get thrown out. Get out of me. I don't want you to get thrown out. I'm trying to save you. Jesus, I know I'm in a tough town. I think I got back on. This is a tough town. I don't like to fight, man. I got my skinny neck. You're doing the same thing on the fuck around. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you.
Uh-uh-uh-uh! Wait, shit. I'm mad. I'm gonna start right now with him pissed off about it. I'm pissed off about the right-and-a-king business. The latest thing about the shit that bothers me that all the police want to get off, they say they shouldn't have to go to trial because they didn't get a speedy trial that they've been violated. Let me take what pissed me off. Number one, you don't treat humans like that. But secondly, this was really fucked me up. They lied! I'm right in the king. This and right in the king was done a hundred and seventeen miles an hour in a fucking hundie. No, no way. When the fuck you ever seen anybody doing a hundred miles an hour? In a hundie? Let me say this, if you out driving on the freeway and you see somebody who's sipping back at a hundred miles an hour in a fucking hundie, I suggest you get your ass off that freeway. Have a nap because you are fucked up. Got it? The only way... Oh, no! The... The only way you can do a hundred miles an hour in a hundie is if you're going down a steep hill for the fat people with a heavy tail wind. That shit don't happen. It don't happen. And I'm gonna say something, and this is not a racist statement. But only white folks were shocked when they saw that tape. Paul Lee's whooping black folks in a black community ain't no new shit. When I saw that, I thought it was a fucking new timex commercial. I didn't know what the fuck it was. That's fucking it. Shit, I... And I called my man. I called my man just to get them. How come I wasn't up for that? Who is riding the key and why is he getting all the damn work? That's what I wanted up. And in a black man watching that and still driving, you're brave. You got damn brave. I'm scared to drive. I bought a fucking bus pass. I'm scared to drive. If I'm looking to rear view mirror and see the police coming, I start worrying about shit. I did back in sixth grade. I ain't bullshit, man. My mama called. I don't know. And I'm gonna say this, man. Last week, the police made me get out of the car. I scared the shit out of me. I said, like, get off the car. What? What? What? What? What I do, officer? I said, well, you're doing 15 in the 20. 15 in the 20. Yeah, you're going through goddamn slump. So I jumped out the car, grabbed a black jacket, stopped whipping myself. Just whipping myself. See that way you cut out the fucking middle man. See him saying, you just cut it. You just don't know how to do that. You know, you don't need him. Hey, real quick, let me just do a quick check. How many people here do crack besides me? Smoke crack, rich man. One, just one, two. Name by ever smoke crack. I'm smoke that shit no more used to. Anybody used to? Be honest. He come on you, lad. I'm gonna fucking be honest. Get them hands up. Shit, I did crack. That's why I talk about this shit, because I never do it again, but I did a lot. No, no, no, lipp it. I did a lot of crack. I did so much fucking crack one day I broke it in my own fucking house. You mean? I love. I love. I love. You do. All right, but you look. I was halfway. I was halfway out the door with the TV for I realized it was my fucking place. I didn't know. I fucked up. I was bringing. They call it sprung. I was bringing. You know what's sprung here? It's sprung when you turn your life over the crack. You do anything for a piece, wait, I'm sorry. Okay, you'll do anything for a piece of crack. You jump through a plate glass window. If you thought that white, no way man. I'm sorry. If you thought that white smack in the shag rug, was a piece of crack. And when you want crack, everything small and white look like crack to you. Small piece of paper, small piece of limb, small white poodle. You think it's crack? And then people say Michael, how you stay so slim and trim? Shit, I don't man telling you. Crack diet. Crack diet. You ain't losing weight, man. Fuck, Jimmy Crack. You ain't losing weight. Start smoking crack. You will lose weight two ways. Number one, you lose weight because when you smoke crack, you automatically lose your appetite. But secondly, now this way, you really lose the weight is running back and forth to the pawn shop. To sell your shit. One last slice I do want to talk about, um, anybody here fucking besides me, anybody else? All right, do ask them fuckers and then how's good? Because I gotta talk to you about safe sex for one second. I people didn't raise their hand, but I really believe that everybody in this audience, either fucking, or know somebody that is. All I'm talking about right now is protecting the ding-a-link. Not as on a two ways to do this. Only one way is a sure way we call that abstinence. That's right, abstinence. That means completely give up sex. Okay, fuck that. Yeah. Second way. Second way. Make a lot more sense than that is the proper use of a condom. But most people can't even pronounce the word condom. I ain't bullshit, one guy told me was a condom. One guy said, condron. One of course, my favorite word for it is condom. You're not a good man. I'm not a good man. I've been to someone one of my two. I went about two, damn it. Do you practice what you preach safe sex? Do you utilize a condom each and every time you have sex? Hell yeah. Shit, I'm wearing one right now. Come out of here, I'm going back. Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen, Bill Barr! Cheers and applause. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you for Christ's sake. Thank you. Thanks a lot. I'm running out of words to say. Thank you for Christ's sake. How's it going? Excellent. Was that a shitty mood today, man? I was watching TV. You haven't been in such a bad mood that even when you're watching bad shit happen into people, you're like, you know what? Good. You know, I'm glad your life sucks. Makes me feel better about my own. No, you know what I was doing? I was watching this fabulous life. I was watching the fabulous life of the Olsen twins, you know? They're like 18 years old. They're like zillionaires. They got a great apartment and it's making me feel like a loser. Then halfway through it, I find out one of them's anorexic. I was like, you know what? All right. That makes me feel better. You know, I'm glad she's not eating. I hope you pass out, whack your head off, you golden sink. Just to head to my day. You know what I don't get? I don't get how the other Olsen twins only weighs half a pound more but she's fucking fine. No, they're so starving that week. That's why whenever they take a picture of them, you have an ornithic, you gotta like fucking lean them up against each other. It's like they don't tip over them. They're like still trying to look sexy. They're not sexy. They look like aliens. They are, man. You can't weigh 42 pounds and have your eyeballs be 28 of that weight and not look like you're from out of space. Like when I look at them, I think if ET was gonna have a threesome, those are the two bitches he don't got with. He wanted to get that glowing finger going. Now I'm still like a loser, man. I'm fucking 36. I'm not married. I'm at that age where everybody knows getting married. Let me ask you a question. Why do people keep getting married? You know, isn't anybody looking at the stats? I mean, what's it like? One out of two marriages goes right down the shitter. People, if you were going skydiving and they told you have to parachute work and I open, you'd be like, yo, fuck that. I'm not going. Yeah. It's like, I don't like those odds. I got a 50% chance of splatting on the ground. I'm not doing it, right? But there's something about getting married. People just have to do it. They're just like, is this the line to lose half my shit? Awesome. This is gonna be great. I can't wait to lose my car, my money. Oh, look, the line's moving. One step closer to my own personal half. No, I don't think I could ever get married, man. Married dudes freak me out. Anytime you ask a married guy, what's it like being married? They always tell you it's good, but they always have a look on their face like they have like an appendicitis. You have another set? You're like, dude, what's it like being married? Like, you know, it's good. It's good. It's, uh. No, no, it's good. It's enjoyable. It's a lot of work, but I think when you meet that special stuff, there's a connection, and I can't feel my legs. Let me just just lean over here. You know, a woman completes a man and some other metaphor. Now, you know what freaks me out, too, really? When you own a man's house, there's nothing in there. A married guy's house. When you walk into this, nothing in there that even suggests a man even lives there. I'm not going to be married. I'm not going to be married. I'm not going to be married. You know, a married guy's house. When you walk into this, nothing in there that even suggests a man even lives there. It's all pulporee and throw pillows that stupid canopy we live in a dollhouse bullshit over the bed. Where does all the guys stuff go? They just throw it out. They just walk in your apartment. Oh my God, look at all your stuff. All your stuff is stupid. Look at all this stupid stuff. Wow, guys buy really stupid stuff. Hey, you want to go to the candle store? Let's go to the candle store. Wouldn't that be awesome? It's been dragged into that nightmare for like an hour and a half, 90 minutes just sitting there. This looks like a pumpkin. Isn't that like a pumpkin? This looks like a Christmas tree. Wouldn't that be great? It's not like Christmas in the apartment. Middle of summer, just fuck with your whole reality. You know what it is? I didn't have a really good model necessarily, like grown up. Like, watch my parents always used to argue and shit. Like, I was afraid of my dad when I was growing up. You know, can we have a dad like that? You're just afraid of him. You know, not like those sitcom dads that come home, the kids are like hugging their legs. My dad pulls in the drive, when you meet my brother's freak, like, fucking dad's home. Shut off the TV. Try to hide. Dude, if I stand like this, do I look like a lamp? He won't save me, right? Can I just fucking chill out here? He wasn't understanding. When you fucked up, he told you. You didn't sit down while we were gonna work it out. Well, just, you know, I still love you. You know, what the fuck is wrong with you? Jesus Christ, you're an idiot. Won't you even pay an attention? Now, bullshit. Christchurch, just like your mother, you're fucking out to lunch. That was my dad, no matter what. He was bitching about somehow, he would make it about my mother. Would have nothing to do with. Nothing to do with her. He could somehow find a connection and spin it back. He'd have said, I was it raining out. I'll fuck Christchurch, I don't need this shit. Christchurch is the same goddamn thing with your mother. That woman is a fucking cloud hanging over my life. Anytime you got an idea, twice she shits all over it. No, he was a lair. He used to work all the time, so you didn't really have any friends or anything. So he used to talk to me, and I was eight years old, like I was a fucking bartender. Just dumping all this shit on me. Like playing in the sandboxy, becoming a bater. And I don't know what the fuck I ever got married for. I'll tell you, man, I'm gonna get the fuck out. I swear to God, one of these days when I get in the car, I'm gonna fucking drive out of here. You're my little bitch, Billy. Do you realize that the woman is a fucking bitch? Is that too real for you guys? You fucking know what I'm talking about. I know. I will get married, you know. I was making that out, I'll definitely get married someday. You know, I love women and everything. I'm just fine, and I'm not like compatible with them. You know what I mean? If I just feel that, like women have like too much energy for me. You know what I mean? Like you can't have a day off when you have a girlfriend. You know what I'm saying? It's almost like they see that open day, they're like, oh my God, let's go fill it up with shit. No, let me just come at you with one horrible idea after another. Horrible ideas, like you want to make some sandwiches and go to the park? You want to go to the container store, get some containers for your t-shirts? This is the worst one. There we get this one. Want to go to brunch? You want to go to brunch on Sunday? And inside you're like, fucking no. You can't say that, right? You got to keep them happy. So what do you do? You agree? Like, yeah, let's go to brunch. What a great idea. Why would you want to sleep in on a Sunday when you can go pay $18 for eggs? Now you're thinking. Now you're thinking. Now we can sit around to listen to your friends have moronic conversations about the eggs. Like, is that Pesto? Is that Pesto in your omelette? Oh, it's the Sparicans. It's the Sparicans that got it with Pesto. Oh, you just want to slip the whole fucking table over. It's horrendous. I'm trying to learn to pick my battles when I date girls. I usually argue with women all the time, man. I'm stupid like that. Like, I dated this girl one time. She was like, really into like women's issues. So we always have the dumb ass argument. So one time she came up to me and she goes, OK, explain this to me. Why does a guy make more an hour to do the exact same job? I'll tell you why. Because in the unlikely event that we're both on a Titanic and it starts to sink, for some fucked up reason, you get to leave with the kids and I have to stay. And that's why I get to go to more and out. Well, think about it. If there's a house fire, it's always women and children first. I got to stand there with like the back of my shirt on fire going, let's go, people, let's go, let's go. So that's how I look at it. No, it's a dollar an hour search, charge. If some fucked up happens either I can't leave or I got to like get in the way of it to give you a head start, like, grab a dog, run honey, one Mississippi, two Mississippi. You hear a bump in the night, I got to go check it out, like, yes, he does have a knife. Anytime there's a hostage situation, who do they negotiate for first? Well, let the women and children go. What about me? Bullets hurt me too. What a fuck do I got to stay in the vault? No, that's my point, man. Where are all the feminists in those situations? You don't mean you can't find them. They have no feminists in a house fire. That's a guarantee. You could take the most hardcore feminists. Some chick right in your face, like, he's showing me a second of a bitch. Little short little haircut, the whole nine yards, right? Second, those flames break out. She's gonna twist those little hairs into pig tails. No, I'm just a girl. I want to go play chess. I want to go play chess, bro. And leave you standing in the burning house, like, you're not flammable. But I'm not addicted. I'm not saying I think a woman should make a doll less than an hour to do the same job. All I'm saying is if you're gonna make what I make when the boat sinks, you better be standing right there next to me. Listen to that guy play the cello. Then you get the corner office. I'm not addicted. I'm not addicted to the cello. Then you get the corner office. You get all the benefits or whatever. So anyways, I was watching George Bush today, man. That guy scares the shit out of me. Now, not because, like, all that political stuff, he's just, like, two and a Jesus for me. I get uncomfortable with that. When people get overly religious, it kind of freaks me out, you know? You know what I mean? Like, I don't mind. I don't mind when, like, glad people get real into Jesus. You know? Because, like, somehow I like to shit stay spiritual. You know, you get a couple of good songs out of it. You know what I mean? People look like they have in a good time. Somehow I went, like, white dudes get two into Jesus. All of a sudden, like, shit catches on fire. People start dying. Somebody says they're Jesus. And they try to fuck every chicken the compound. And the FBI's got the place surrounded. That tank comes in, shooting the flames out the front. And I'm not saying white dudes are anymore crazy than black dudes. It's just that nobody's watching us. That's the problem. That's too much freedom. It's kind of, like, living alone. You know, that same kind of fucked up freedom. If it feel when you live alone, you, like, slowly go crazy. You know, because you got too much freedom, because everybody does crazy shit. But when you live alone and start doing something crazy, there's nobody there to be like, dude, what the fuck are you doing? What is wrong with you? What is that? Put it down. My girl's actually, she's really, like, religious. She goes to church every week, and I never go, and it freaks her out. She's like, why don't you go to church? You don't believe in God, in heaven and hell, and all that stuff. Why don't you go? And it's not because I don't believe in a higher power. I definitely do. My thing is when I go to church, I can't get past the fact that I'm just listening to some fucking guy. You have anything in that shit when you go in there? That's just some dude. And people are like, no, that's a special guy. No, it isn't. It isn't. He didn't, like, levitate down from the ceiling, like, this white light around him. Why would you listen to another human being tell you where you're going to go when you're done? It's just like, dude, have you ever been dead? No, great. So wouldn't it be safe to assume that you wouldn't have the slightest fucking idea what you're talking about? Yeah, you're making it up. You're making the shit up. You're not fooling me with the robes and the candles. Speaking in old English. He said it under you, and shut the fuck up. You don't talk like that. You're just some guy. Your name's Jerry. You played soccer. You got your ass kicked in gym class. And how you doing this? Acting like you're special? I can't do it. I just, I can't get past that fact. I'm sitting in church. This guy's name's fucking Cliff. He's fucking bored. And just break the guy down. And then I can't listen. It's like, you're one that used to do another human being tell you what to eat and when to eat it. Don't eat meat this Friday. You eat meat this Friday. You walk on the ham. It's like, dude, I'm going to a cookout on Friday. If you eat that fucking cheeseburger, buddy, that is it for you. Well, what's this guy? Don't I'll eat a cheeseburger whenever I want to? And I'll jerk off. It's my dick. Why am I listening to this guy? I'll fucking jerk off while I eat a cheeseburger. What do you think about that? I'm not hurting anybody. Why would God care? I'm not hurting anybody. Think about it. You eat a cheeseburger that's protein. That's good for your muscles, right? And I don't know about you guys, but after I rub one out, I'm all relaxed. I'm less likely to lash out at my fellow man. I'm in a great space mentally. I don't have any road rage. I talk to telemarketers. I'm buying this shit. I think they just make it up. But it's weird, though, because I'm feeling the same, because I've been churchin' while I'm feeling like, I want to go back, but I need a new religion, man. That's why I'm between religions right now. I used to be Catholic, but I can't be Catholic anymore. Once they started fucking the kids, I was just like, all right, dude, you know what? I'm out. You guys party way too fucking hard from here. I got off at about 22 exits ago. I didn't see that page in the book. I don't know what you guys are doing. I can't believe they're still in business. People are still showing up. Name one of the business that could survive that shit. You think if they were fucking kids at Walmart, they could sell rakes the next day. You just try to play it off. Like, yeah, we hit a little prom in I-8, but you know, we got some slacks over here. We got kitchen appliances. We got some hula hoots. You guys saw the Pope died? You saw that, right? Yeah. Everyone's flipping out, man. I thought that was a good thing. I was like, happy for him, man. He was in horrible health. You know what I mean? Everybody just wanted the guy to keep hanging on. It's ridiculous. They're like wheeling him from room to room. And people are still flipping. Oh, God, I think he's kind of dying. I think he's kind of dying. So... So, I think he's going to die. I'm so... I think he's going to die. I think he's going to die. I think he's going to die. I think he's going to die. I think he's going to die. I'm so... It's like, well, I think he's going to go to heaven. I mean... It's got to be better than that shit. I bet the last too much of his life. He was just sitting in that chair going, God, I wish the world would stop praying for me. This fucking let me go. Good Lord. I ski to life with 78. I had a great life. Move on. So, they got a new Pope now. They picked another old white dude, you know? And they were actually in the running. Was this black dude from Nigeria, right? They were actually considering making him the Pope. And I was kind of hoping he was going to win, you know? Not because I give a fuck either way. I just wanted to see all the black comics doing bits like the next day, like, Oh, why people are scared now? Why people are scared now? Yeah, the Pope is black and shit. It's going to be a whole different story. He's going to come in with a hat to the side. Usually it's going to be pumping white people in the front row. Yeah, I don't know what the fuck's going up. Does when black people go to church, could you just feel it? That was like a half hour material went out the fucking window. The second they picked another white dude. It was endless. Paul Mobile is going to be pimped out. And you better not be shooting at this pope. A black pope will be shooting back at your hat. Because when white people get shot, etc. Actually, I have this black dude moved in my building man. Lives on the same floor as me. He's one of these dudes. Every time he's hilarious. Every time he says some shit, right after he's done saying the shit, he repeats like the most important part. I like the previous sentence. It's hilarious. Everything he said will be like, my man came in, he put that shit on the table. Put it on the table. It's hilarious. Everything he says. This country is a war son. Wow. I'm just looking at my friend like, dude, did you hear him the first time? Because I heard him the first time. I was smiling. I was nodding. My spook, my spook, and he's supposed to do that. I mean, what am I supposed to do? Actually, I got a couple of friends of African persuasion. And I got to get rid of him, man. I got to admit to you. I'm fine. I'm spending too much money on clothes hanging out with him. Because I got to like fucking try to keep up with their wardrobe. It's like every time they go out, they got all brand new shit on. All brand new shit. So when I show up with my white version of brand new, which is basically, I ironed the shit, right? I ironed it, right? It's still. They just start trashin' me. I can't keep up with them, man. They got like fucking 58 pairs of sneakers. I don't know what it's that shit, like every color fucking termalin. And I don't give a shit what fucked up color their shirt is. They got a pair of shoes to match it and a hat. It's like a rule or something. They're the worst. Even when you wear some new shit, there's like some sort of rule that they're going to have to like space out the amount of time within which like that you wear it. Because God forbid you wear the same shirt within a 10-day period. One of them's going to notice. The officer just looked at you funny. Like, this motherfucker's got the same shit. He had a last tooth. And then the whole car's like, oh shit. Everybody just started making fun of you fucking clothes. First they do the math. Like, what was that? Five days ago? Five days? This motherfucker got five feet. He got five shirts. They start breaking it down. Yo, it's first shirt. You're saying Monday. Next shit is saying Tuesday. Yo, the weekend. He ain't been wearing no shirts. I'll tell you this is actually funny. You know what? That's actually how I judge black guys now. When I first came to the city, like all black people scared me. I was like the typical white dudes from like the suburbs. I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, what's up? I was like, the typical white dudes from like the suburbs. You know what I mean? I had no frame of reference. You know? It's my only frame of reference with black people. It was like, those members early 90s gangster rap videos. It's all the fucking LA riots in their mouths. Fucking horrible PR. I watched in the videos. He's got nice cars, got all the women, and he's still fucking mad. These black dudes are never happy. But after 10 years of living in the city, this is how I narrowed down. Well, the black dude scares me. Now, black dudes with dirty sneakers scare the fucking shit out of me. No. I figured out my head because I know from hanging out with them. That's the last shit that they're going to let go, the immediate shit that they have on. So I think, you know, if the sneakers are fucked up, that means his life is fucked up. Every time he leaves his building, the whole neighborhood, oh, shit! Everyone starts making fun of him. He's on the train in a bad mood. I kind of have this howdy-duty, kind of mug me kind of face. I'm not saying something's going to happen. I'm just saying. I'm paying attention. So I've been seeing this girl recently. It's Black girl, right? She lives up in Harlem, you know? Gone out like three, four times. You know, first time we hung out, we hung out like the village area in New York, you know, which is sort of like a racially mixed area. So shit was cool, you know what I mean? Second time we hung out was more like Midtown, you know? Then the third time, she called me like three-thirty in the morning, and she wanted me to come up to her apartment, right? So it's three-thirty in the morning. She lives in Harlem. I look how I look, so it's a fucking situation. Yeah, because you know the deal, right? Basically a white dude feels comfortable up to about like 98th, 99th street. You know what I'm saying? The second the street starts getting into like triple digits, like 100th, 101st street, start getting like a little asthma, I'm like, what the fuck? It's starting to get a little high up here. You feel like a little tightness in your chest? Can you feel it? 106th street, you're like leaning on shit like, dude, where all the cabs go? How come there's no taxi's up here? Dude, what's the full day? I don't know what that is, let's get the fuck outta here. So I'm praying to God, she's gonna tell me to take the subway, get off at like 105th street, 130th street, you know, which is like the first stop in Harlem where I can still look over my shoulder and see like all the white people like disappearing over the horizon, you know. She goes, no man, you wanna get in the uptown 2-3 train, you wanna get off at 125th street, like, that's fucking 25th street. Jesus Christ, that's like right in the middle of everything. I'm gonna be surrounded on all four sides, I can't fucking do this. So, at this point, I'm really trying to hide like the bitchy tone that's starting to creep into my voice, you know. And I'm trying to ask for really specific directions for when I get up there because I wanna know exactly where I'm going. So she starts naming the streets I have to go down. And every other street up there is named like a black leader, you know. And she's like, make a left on Adam Clayton, take a right on Frederick Douglass and I'm like, God fuck outta Clayton. You know, Doug, go on the internet, look at Adam Clayton. Did he kill a bunch of white people during the slavery boat? Dude, I ain't going up there til I know what Adam Clayton is, fuck this shit. So at this point, I'm really having a battle with myself because I'm thinking I can't do this, right? I'm like, I can't do this, but my dick's gone, no come on man, we can do this, alright? Just relax, pull yourselves together and get on the goddamn train, right? So as always, I listen to my dick. Oh yeah, I get on the train, by the time I get up there, it's like five or four in the morning, right? I'm staying on like Malcolm X and like Danny Glover or some shit, right? I don't even know who had the hell of that. When I see the street I wanna go up, I wanna go up St. Nick, I can literally see her apartment building. But there's like five or six black dudes standing right on the corner, right where I wanna walk by. I'm like, fuck! I thought I was on like some reality show at that point, like some sort of like white guy survivor, he was ridiculous. So I'm thinking I gotta walk right by these guys, right? You know what's funny? I think that they were actually more surprised to see me than I was scared, you know? And I was really, really scared, you know? But I'm also really, really white, you know? Like shockingly Caucasian. You know what I mean? Like if you're not ready for me, I can like surprise you. Now especially if you live up there, you're probably seeing a white person for hours, possibly days. So when I show up it's almost like magical, like a leprechaun came out of nowhere, you know? I felt like I should have had like a little plot of gold, like a rainbow behind me, topping them on until you're lacking. It's kinda dance my way past them. But it's been going alright, you know? Once I get in her apartment, I'm fine, you know? I relax, sit down, you know? Watch your hip hop countdown. Pretend like I know the groups, you know what I mean? It's just getting there that's a fucking pain in the ass. But you know, I don't get mad at it because I figured you know, Black dude's gotta go through the same shit though, right? When you go out to the suburbs, go fuck a white girl. Right? Just that same awful feeling. I just leave in your people behind, you know, just less and less of you as you fucking driving out there. Probably start off lean and you all fucking cool. 20 minutes in your driving like 10 and 2 degrees up. I do not like this shit. I don't like this shit at all. There's too much grass, I don't see any rims. This is fucked up. None of the windows are tinted. I can clearly see white people in every car. This is fucked up. Listen, you guys were awesome. Thank you so much for coming out. Well, bless you. Thank you very much. All right, man, take care. Thank you.
Good night. You guys know one direction give round of applause Ike Harry Styles welcome the old fond of theater underline old come on now it's nice it's a nice neighborhood coming down here you have some fun driving down here you know when your Nav says if you get to Gangbang Street it's too far but if you're at Car Jack you're close it's nice I saw Homeless Go front and he was talking I'm gonna make him fun of Homeless people they're great they're not great they're okay but I mean they're like in the middle but I don't want to fucking hype him up but they're all right but I was walking from the bargain line he's walking with me David Spade you know they get a little too tight with you like I kind of want to go scoot but it's too rude he's like Dave it's spade walking along look at this guy from TV David Spade you know free blocks then he finally goes David Spade give me some money and I go you know what it turns into a casual robbery you're not really allowed to say now I go any cops okay well there's ten bucks that's pretty good I know you got more than where are the police people are just walking by I'm like stop me when you feel and he goes you show's on too many reruns man I go you have a TV in that box you just said you live in a box you have a TV he goes get on game of throwing man I go you have HBO in there I only made you upstairs upstairs nice you get it you know what's happening I like people are in shorts there's always someone in show what are you saving the pants for Louis CK what's happening honestly it's like I have shorts on today I'm going to spade tonight should I change no save them for when the next hunger games comes out that's where I'm doing movie where the pants I used to live down this crummy neighborhood I my first apartment was a loft you know that is where they have the beds sticking out of a wall and you have to get up there with a ladder and it sucks because the landlord goes it's a little rickety it's not too sturdy I don't want more than 500 pounds up there I go trust me I don't want more than 500 a day there this is me shorts guy you get it I feel good I took an ambient Monday woke up about two hours ago you know what ambient is look like a drug dealer man you know what ambient is stumbled here from one of the clubs empty your purse I I took an ambient it's a reason it's a prescription because I woke up the way I went to bed and this never happens like the exact weird way like this and then 15 hours later my huh oh oh oh oh I'm like that's what's sleeping is what the fuck I've been doing all my life you know not supposed to get up six times neat string cheese and pee play angry birds and email people my friends are like did you email me at 2.41 am I go you know what happened that was it seven but I think it gets stuck in the high cloud sometimes you know with the transmission there's some bugs I'm not sold I'm not sold in the eye cloud I hurt my neck I want a viking in right now I will admit that yeah it's not even my fault it's because I got a tooth pulled in June and so I have to be you know what I mean it's like mandatory I will say that 53 fill is a tough style I was at my doctor and I'm like I don't feel pain and now that feels weird I did up dick what do you care means everything to me I have a friend it's a pill popper actually a four I have four friends that they only want pills all the time so funny you have a guy like this whenever I take any pill he goes dude give me one I go you don't even know what it is he goes dude I'm married come on what does that mean I go this is for sinus infection it causes disease and cramps he goes dude I got kids help me it's going to feel different so I give him one I see him later he's cramped always like I hurt my neck in high school and this is why sometimes if you see me on Ellen or something I'm sitting kind of funny or I sit on my knees I just cannot sit in a couch it kills me I was in high school in a talent show how when I was a kid you know like I was a senior senioritis and I did this talent show and I did a dance number to match a man and at the end of the dance number I would do a backflip a standing back flip I could do it because I was in gymnastics and there's a few red flags in the story but we're not gonna focus on that we're just gonna sort of skim over the top so I'm backstage at the show at the talent show and it was held like in a place like this in the cafeteria where we had our major shit you know at the school and my buddy was in his crotty ghee also in matcha man and I go hey spot me during my backflip something to practice and then I go you know what don't spot me I have to do it in an hour so his job is nothing just watch the disaster unfold so I go like this hi and I'm supposed to land like this but I came out of my tuck lingo a little early and I miss my feet so I went poof all on my face so I bounce up on my oh squirting blood black paint from the stage and I get up and the guy goes you okay I go not at all and I walk away one knee black out I lose my memory for a solid hour like hardcore amnesia and they get like you know by the way when you're a kid and you get hurt in my family there's sort of an unwritten rule and unspoken you don't say anything like you're not allowed to get hurt you know I mean I don't know if we had insurance we didn't but around our house don't get hurt policy unless it's from the parents you know I mean because there was sort of a you're fine you know situation like anything you're fine I go my side feels like you're fine I go oh but the bone is sticking out you're fine little back teen back teen was literally air and the parents are like shoe we took care of that I'm like still a little painful because the bone so I knew that so I'm like going out going oh no I'm this is uncool and then they brought my mom back in a doctor from the house and the doctor goes he's a bit shook up and I go is that all you have are you from guns smoke you're not saying anything this isn't a term I have a category 200 concussion I have amnesia dude all right if I was in the NFL right now they would stop the game and chopper me out of there it would literally all the other on their knees like this you know the whole team and then even the other team is like faking it like oh man are you okay two pairs and I rest so the doctor's like nice bit rattled yeah he got his bell wrong these aren't things all right these aren't medical terms and then he goes you better take him right to the emergency room my mom's like oh my god of course so she goes Davie do you want to go to hospital or pizza hot oh my god pizza how they had asteroids never went to the hospital never got looked at jaw and then if you ever see me on like a letterman and I got pukeshell necklace it's all percussed I'm like oh you don't know when you're a kid if your family has any money because everything's fun when you're a kid like you don't you're told later you know like I guess we were brought I didn't know everything's you know you play with rocks whatever I knew I broke as I had a rock collection I look back rocks are free I didn't really you know put that together mom's like you should collect bottle caps it wasn't gold bars you know if you're a kid and you don't know if you have money like you don't even talk about it but we were poor and I didn't know I one time in fourth grade this kid busted this shit wide open he just walks up I'm gonna play around just chilling like over by the fence you know there's kickball and I'm literally minding my own biz and this kid comes over he goes hey I heard your family's poor I'm like by the way news to me and I go oh I think you've got some bad information by the way P.S. wanted dick you know because all the chicks are starting like like not really the panty dropper you wanted to be even in third grade like so I go uh no we're doing fine even though I don't know so they guy goes yeah it's a swear on campus your poor and I go oh then I start defending myself ah what do we have two tires on our lawn if we were poor yes I go no no you don't get it we have a car with the four tires and then we have two extra on the lawn you see how you broke I go what I wear the same thing every day I'm just hearing myself saying it going if I was poor and I remember my mom going where that again tomorrow you look great in it like such a scam the high ones and one more bamboozled by my own mom even crayons at school like in third you remember having that little ghetto four pack you get an eye-op if she swiped them here's your crayons for the year these four from cocos he's like like the ones we had yesterday yeah they they're very similar so I bring him to school like I'm Kingcock and I'm over there and this girl next to me is cute and the guy behind me is rich I guess for then and he had the big box of crayolas like 64 like the mega pack can't get anymore in there crammed in I've got my little four and I'm like and then this chick goes hey uh can I borrow a crayon I'm like why sure she goes do you have Bert Sienna and I go let me check got brown blue red and the guy's like I have Bert Sienna here you go up let me sharpen it on the box like a prick there's like here you go you know if you do blue and black together it's sort of a brush I'm good beret I saw the 99 cents throw on the way in here I almost went in because my show is not right now I was gonna check it out and then I held out a mile later 98 cents store yeah bring it home not to be a snob I just don't know what's in those stores because I don't know what cost that much you know what I mean because I go where they're thumbtacks and yarn what you know it's a whole store full everything and the only thing I thought was weird was the home pregnancy test this for the girl in the regular pharmacy going you know I want to find out if I'm pregnant but I'm not spending more than a buck to find out I'll just wait this will sort of figure itself out you know when you're crossing the street out here in L.A. you have the right of way when you cross the street the cars have to stop and it's always weird because it's sort of a power trip you know no one uses across walk everyone's like this hey that was a great lunch maybe later on when I cross I give the courtesy fake jog they're like just walks are you actually going slower I don't like people have too much safety in the protection the right away this woman's pushing her baby in the stroller but she's texting so she's sort of poking the kid out like a stick you know see what's happening out there and I'm pulling up and I know I'm supposed to stop but I'm texting too you know what I mean and I want to that's the idea it's just not a perfect science you know it usually works out and somehow as I go over that bulls-ent literally am I in a car like let's go to the movie like I'm on the street it's scary there's times and it's real touch and go people go you're on TV your movies it looks easy is it easy to act yes I mean yes it's not hard I mean obviously obviously people can do it it's not like other things this might be the easiest because you always hear about people doing it doing well I mean the Oscars this is the hardest thing you can do in acting the best of the best award of all actors right Jody Foster when I was growing up five years old she won an Oscar right her first movie Gabrielle Cibadee winner she is he was in precious never done a movie up for an Oscar last year beast of the southern wild five year old girl first movie up for an Oscar Jennifer Hudson American Idol gets eighth place on American Idol she can't win in the field she is trained her whole life for singing waltzes over to acting wins an Oscar her first try what's wrong with this it's like me hey I want to play the NBA oh you can't do that that doesn't look that hard I'm the MVP the first year you're better than LeBron I guess they just put in the hoop I didn't seem hard yeah embarrassing embarrassing for all of sad I was a little unnerved the other dicks my phone died and I didn't have my phone for a day it was nice now emails no stress no texting relaxing I'm getting I hated it it was so horrible I freaked out I couldn't survive I was having a panic attack and it wasn't even it was two hours it wasn't a day just so long as I could get to the store but meanwhile by the way I'm driving and I'm like I don't think I even know how to drive without texting I'm like what do I do like just drive and look at shit oh my god there's trees on my street it's so weird and a blackberry which sucks you know doesn't mean just like the Flintstones I liked it but you just got to move on with the iPhone you know and it's the part I didn't know is it tries to finish your sentences you know this where it's like jumps ahead a little bit and I was with a girl and it went all sideways on me and so the next day I said hey sorry for my bad form and it said sorry for my tiny weiner come on I funny your mind seemed like but then the guy said I take so many of these pictures you know like that it learns it's not their fault I get it by the way you're taking these pictures be careful guys because unless you're Chris Brown and you have this huge hog I like when Chris Brown's pictures get leaked out to the media oh my god I'm so bummed out my huge donkey dick is out on the internet like really are you really sweating bullets over this one I have a picture that was obviously your 15th selfie dude dude just the balls oh my god someone broke into my laptop and then they're on the internet really by the way dude how hard is that I can't even get in my own laptop half the time that's like password what's my password it's so funny I go I'm supposed to believe someone stole your laptop from the airport ran home crack the code found your weiner pictures and then set it to your 10 favorite websites and you put out a press release in a half hour really like oh my god please don't look at my dick pics here's the link and you know it's leaked because you never see an actor with a tiny weiner get those pictures leaked you know then you'd see some scrambling in Hollywood shut down the internet the whole internet huh it's figured this out let me think and if girls ever gift you with a dirty picture don't ignore it that's such a mistake answer quickly you don't wait nine hours then you get another text from her hey uh buddy chance did you get that picture of my pussy ah oh yeah no I did that was cool you did do that you're eating oh yeah no great send some more no no no more if you get a girl dinner you know she's kind of a run around sue is my mom's if you go hey send me a picture she's like um okay and then you get like some stock footage of her beaver from August you know this is you right now aren't you a cheesecake factory she's like no I'm in the bath there's a lot of candles it looks like so messy I date these girls and this is the biggest thing I get I never date really good looking guys I've always gone out with guys like you I go and they don't stop no no what I mean is everybody likes Johnny that Brad Pitt knows type of guys I've always gone out with guys like you I go I get it I don't see the fucking compliment anywhere I don't like guys with really big winners I don't it hurts it's sore I think about it all week I tell my friends I can't sleep it's always on my mind I like yours I can relax I don't feel a thing I can sort of figure out my week in my head I can text people it never crosses my mind again I never tell anyone about it I forget about it until the next time we have sex I go that's cool that's that's good that's good quality other than your girl and you have sex with a guy don't ever go you don't want a big dick I've had that unprovoked hey wait let me ask you motherfucker all right you don't fuck that yours is fine it's like slow motion it's fine who wants fine guys like you know what it does a jab when you're a swimmer you touch the wall and come back that's enough that's all you need why do you need more I go because it's great don't drink and drive folks that's the big message tonight there's a there's a DUI lawyer commercial I I don't work in the day the show's not on home all day first of all every add is geared toward the fact that you are a loser at home in search of a career I didn't know that like every add is you at home right now laying around hungover weed on the table you want to change all that I think maybe I could go to drive they say it's not too late it's DUI lawyer like it must be so rampant they have a commercial he's got the fake job ours and he goes I'm the best goddamn DUI lawyer out there you call me before it's too late I'm like yeah wait I don't get I call you before I get it it's like a awkward call hey what's up it's noon I just I'm going out later I didn't even drink but I realized I'm going to jail they have checkpoints checkpoints are bad when you're drunk I mean one time I drank and drove drove and drive one time and it was a mistake but I was horrified because I was in traffic at 3 a.m. on sunset which usually doesn't happen so I'm almost home like and then it's traffic and I'm always selfish in traffic I'm like they're better be an accident up here they better be a pile of dead bodies what's happening this is slow and the gross feeling when you realize you're in a DUI checkpoint I go what are the life oh fuck is this a DUI checkpoint no no no I can't be here hey I'm drunk I'm the last bird back it up back it up I'm boxed in go go go hey if we work together as a team we can get me out of here to save me come on no one's helping me and then I do the U-turn you know what a U-turn is a sign confession you know no cops believe you're like it's chilly maybe I'll get my windbreaker I'm so old when I grew up we didn't have DUI this is when America was great can you imagine not worrying about it at all oh this is music to my dad because he was a super drunk you know what I mean we'd come home from dinner and he's like there we go he's hitting dogs and mailbox is like anything in his way and then and it's a different conversation cop walks up hey did you know oh my god I didn't know you were a shit face I'm sorry I was like yeah beat it mom no I thought you're even a seizure you're just hitting so many things I know all right get lost and he goes listen maybe if you just took one beer out of one of your hands it would just help when he goes oh two hundred percent region and he goes no no I'm just brain storming and throwing and meanwhile we're in the back like help us we're flying around I'm Garfield on the window a little helmet on I was in Vegas recently I know a lot of people drive out to Vegas it's nice it's a nice 12 hour ride yeah everyone says like three hours I go it's never been they go if you go and there's no traffic I go well who's going on Christmas Eve like any other time oh yeah then it's really bad I go to bake I saw a lot of shows I saw a stomp if you heard of this one with the garbage cans I don't want to give it all away but if you get a chance I wonder the tropa can it's getting a little ghetto over there went there in the summer the pool hanging out you know it's sort of a buzzkill when somebody poops in the pool that's a tough one pooped in the pool I went freaked out I went to the other end I want to deal with it it's gross that one's screaming it was like breaking up I was like I think I'll go this way thank you almost got out you know because I'm a germafo I went skiing last year and I'm probably gonna go again I'm never any good I ski I snowplow I ski like I'm constantly looking for contact lens you know what I mean I'm like this everybody I always want to go on the green runs the easy ones you know so I tell my friends but they're all in a group and they want to go down together but I try to talk them and I go guys and think everybody I feel like we should start on pop tar let's go down that and they go nope we're going down devil's ball sack I go no no no no no no no no no one that one seems hard I tell you if we go down mother goose it sort of goes in the peekaboo and then down to pillow town which feels tricky and challenging but not overwhelming they go nope Hitler's abortion here we go two by two guys up then I'm on my own and I got the skis on I'm trying to walk up I got one in the chillin these muscles I never use then you get a little crooked no I want to go down try to go on the snack bar I have to pop those off it's even worse I've got the boots on I mean can we do something they have not changed this designed 50 years literally even on the moon they round them off but this is two center blocks from my attic can we get Nike involved I'm like trying to get a drink I'm like aca l torn oh we a skiing no I was getting a mr. Pim oh it's bad I get hurt easy I'm a total plus I had a hernia don't freak out it's okay I know it sucks it's really super sexy talk about girls like no what happens first of all if you go to the doctor if you're a guy and you have to do anything in the doctor they always check out your winner and it's a drag because if you're a dude you don't want it getting looked at it really shows well you know what I mean like an open-how it's not good especially if you're laying down you know what that burden and s look that's unattractive so I'm always trying to go like get some fluffage going you know I mean I go on a slap around like three pages of hustler nothing too crazy just get a couple C C's a plaza down there I don't want a full rod that's the wrong message but I want to get because I just don't want the doctor to go hey perfect health except for that tiny cock all right let me hand it in the internet so I don't want to do because I know if it's a two-hour exam like it's coming out at some point and I can't hold anything for a little bit I don't it's so stressful so I don't know what to do is just no plan and then I get in there and I'm freaking out right away he goes all right drop your pants like I hey whoa whoa that's talk like I turned into a chick you know I give now on and then I'm spinning and then I go oh my god who would bring a parakeet in here and he looks away and I go go go go no no no and he's like that's not too bad I got it that's just all day it's 24-7 sees me over there banging the drawer some life because I went I went to the doctor after I did a movie and I was like the day I got home I go I feel so weird and sore and so I go to the doctor's office and he's got a nurse in there this is the other trick guys don't let that happen so he goes drop your pants I go hey beat it first thing you do tell it to screen you know I go to see the magic Mike show get out of here I don't need to it so she leaves and I'm like and the guy's like you got a hernia here hernia here and he guys my balls goes want to get some sushi later I'm like no actually so he goes you gotta go right in the good operation I go so I go in an operation and they give you all these rules things you do in an operation don't do like normal ones like don't take aspirin don't do this and then it says no pets allowed in the OR oh really I'm not sure you don't need my raccoon Randy guys a bit of a chewer he won't bother anyone who's bringing pets in you know some will ladies get her dog so I go in there and the anesthesiologist is putting me under and I go hey if I live I'll give you a good recommendation on Yelp so by the way I'm under for four hours it doesn't take that long and I have to shave you which is so horrible because get those Ralph's lights in there you know it's just so bright and then you know they're like moving my ween around salad tongs so disgusting a couple guys in TMZ I'm going on and I'm like wait is that good you know because who's not taking a picture you know they got like me in my dick like selfies are you have no control four hours the operations a half hour in the rest of it is in like partying around my ween and I wake up like I don't think I need a full Brazilian guys but thanks and I get up and I'm so out of it I'm like oh and the nurse goes we have to give you a catheter I don't know what a catheter is if you get a chance grab one it's fun what it is is they take you know a slim gym as they jam it in your ween are for some reason I don't know what it does but they just start it doesn't fit by the way so they're ram it and they get two guys from game of thrones and when smashing it it's so horribly painful and I go to the nurse hey bitch I was asleep for four hours why don't you do it 30 seconds ago wake up wake up for the most painful thing you'll ever feel in your life I'm like where were you fucking reading us magazine for the last hour I'm out oh he's up okay high and she goes don't you where I go this is so gross you know I'll strap it your leg oh like I'm in young guns like she is that piss on your leg the girls go I went to the gyna that's even worse like that is worse you know for them for a girl it's weird it's very invasive and she goes oh they're a training a guy last week that's so horrible I go are you sure they were training you know you sure it wasn't the guys buddy in from college for the week Steve throwing a lab coat you got to see what I do all the this out is this so funny look at it do you like what the lights on it's funny accurate get in there she doesn't care you don't care to you this guy is a doctor from doctor place I want to strip club Vienna I'm just gonna tell you this I'm only telling you about this strip club because if I talk about it my act it's a write-off I went to this place I just want to get my 90 grand back now I went to this strip club it's called Cheetos or Cheetos no not Cheetos Cheetos and I make it rain you know me I'm like a rapper I don't give up these guys these rappers they make it rain and they think they're so cool they're like singles you know they got the ones they got a hefty bag full of ones what is that $180? it's not that big of you but they're like Instagramming on the way to the club so I realize it's sort of embarrassing for the girls because it's a little undignified and the strippers they get a lot of money it's raining obviously on them but they've got you know you can only hold X amount of dollars in your hand like this you know I was like and then there's like how many in a little strap there and then the rest is on the ground so at the end of the song it's all sexy then it gets a weird when they got to get down to these like scrape scrape scrape Melissa give me a second scrape and they got a dust buzzer I feel weird when I go because their naked so fat I don't know what to do you grow up you date girls you're like and weeks go by they close come off this is 15 seconds fully new and it just jars you you're either one way you're either the awkward guy which I am where I go whoa birthday suit that's what they call it yeah now these are my friends no it is chilling it's all cool it's all good in the hood yeah yeah no it is partying blah blah blah that's where babies come from you know they don't like that or you're the quiet psycho nice step away not all models in the old strip clubs either no there's some rough trade running around oh some dinged up shit yeah not everyone's getting late either unless you're the one to go the key love coke and a babysitter it's not happening it's girl because not to me she goes you want to dance I go table dance what's that I played dummy not so smart I go what's up she goes well DJ plays a song I strip off all my clothes and the song you me 20 bucks I go I mean that feels like it's just right now there's a recession okay I'll do it she doesn't invite on it so I go right she's like and the guy's like this love is taken it's so you say goodbye too many time is break it in front of me I have no choice and I don't say it what's going on and that's the the song came unplugged they didn't I go no there's electrical store maybe an earthquake or oh my god is that how they get you they don't play the whole oh my god oh that's good they got me you got me asshole you did it got another guy stupid it worked hey it tricked me good job there's your 20 go high five all your stripper buddies she goes you want another dance I go I want this bitch once yeah I'll take one more that's a song you get the fuck it works you damn it one more this is why I'm broke actually here's one trick you can do when I was doing Tommy boy in Toronto Chris would we go to this you can do to your friends he would go to the strip club and he'd find me the roughest rattiest grossest stripper and he'd buy me 10 table dances in a row from her and it's so horrible because there's nothing you can do you have to ride it out it's too mean so I'm stuck with this pops out of the back how's it going yeah your run budget 10 dances that's a real good guy I don't give too many dances no more I'm in a bit of a forced retirement I got my bum leg that's mostly cuz the snow oh I'll feel this one a more I should have stretched I need to keep that prednisone in my system oh boy I'm gonna pull a hammer we're gonna have a real nice hour 20 yeah courtesy of your buddy I got the flu a little bit you can't catch it's the first day hey let's do this I want to dig my heels into the shag I want to make sure I get my beaver up there in your drawer my kid loves Joe dirt oh how old is he he's 47 holy shit that's higher than I thought you'd say you guys thanks for coming out I'll see you next time bye bye
Ladies and gentlemen, we give it up for Mark Norman! Hey, hey, comedy, huh? We're really doing it, folks. Thanks for coming out. Good to be here. Hey, how you doing? Nice to see you. Good shirt. How are you? Clevage? That's exciting. Hey, don't get weird. You brought it. Hey, here we are. Sorry, I got to work on saying things to people out loud. Yeah, I got a problem. I just say what I see. I think I'm autistic, but just like the bad parts of it. Like, I can't compute numbers or remember dates, but I'll make you feel weird. Right? Like, you drop a bunch of toothpicks. I can't count them, but I'll give you a shitty hug. I'm working on it, trying to get better. Flu here from New York. Man, I hate flying. You know, they let you pick your seat on a plane. I think I'd rather pick the person I'm sitting next to. I don't really give a shit where I am on the plane. It's like a five-hour relationship. Make it more like a dating app. Obese Nazi with a service dog? Swipe left. Tiny Asian lady with a surgical mask? That's my gal. Yes, she is not a talker, right? But just like a dating app, she shows up with a baby. I'm like, ah, I got catfished. Hate the small talk. Two things I can't do. Small talk and eye contact. How sad is that? I basically have all the traits of a serial killer just without the ambition. I'm working on it. People I say, Mark, gotta be more confident. They say, Mark, gotta be yourself. I'm like, well, you gotta pick one. I can't do both of those. Like a lot of people are scared of skydiving. I'm more scared of the banter on the plane than I am jumping out of it. You're sitting the plane. It's all windy or strapped in. Some guys like, so, Mark, where are you from? Just like, I say we're supposed to go together. I got it. At least with skydiving, getting an instructor. What about stuff I'm bad at? Stuff I'm nervous about. Like a dinner party. Am I dinner parties I've screwed up? Set me up with a pro. All right. I just show up some guys. I'll take care of him. Like, ah, beautiful. He's giving me tips. Don't say the N word. Got it. All right. She's not pregnant. Don't ask. Thank God you're here. Some guy in the party is like, so, who's your favorite comic? I'm like Bill Cosby's like, pull the shoot. I'm working on it. I had a chatty Uber driver last week. That's the worst. I got it. I forgot to hit the no small talk option on the app, so I get creative. I just scare the guy and be quiet. He's like, how about this traffic, huh? What do things cause in this? I'm like, probably the Jews. He's like, I'm like, all right. I give this ride five stars of David. Yeah. Yeah. I'm working on it, you know. I always try to get better. Well, weirdo. That's why I drink. Big fan of the booze. I got to cut back. I actually got to let go from a job once for being drunk at work. My boss called me and he goes, get in here, Mark. It's clear you're a high functioning alcoholic. I was like, wow. How do you know I was also high? This guy is good. One of my friends is like a beer expert. You know, he's like, we gotta go to a brewery. I'm like, why can't we just go to a bar? He's like, it's fun. You can see how it's made. I don't care how it's made. Look, I like porn. I don't need to go to a broken home. Not saying all porn is armed, broken home. Just the ones I like. Seems like a lot of people are quitting the booze now. It's kind of going away. All my friends are getting sober. Look, that's good. But some people are better when they're drinking. There's a lot of bad sobers out there, you know. We always talk about the negative part about booze. What about the good? Like, sure you drove through a playground, but you could dance, man. Come on. Trying to get better. I'm in therapy. Anybody else? Hey, there you go. A couple people. Yeah, you know. Doing this thing called exposure therapy. That's where you face your fears. Scared of heights, take the hot air balloon. Scared of drowning, takes you in the ocean. So he said, what are you scared of, Mark? I said, I'm claustrophobic and scared of intimacy. So he took me a little closet and fucked me. That was very expensive. Yeah. Why the stigma with therapy? Why? All my friends make fun of me. I think you should be mandatory. Because their muscles want to work out your emotions. I'll be hanging out with a friend. He's like, all right, man. Take it easy. I'm going to go work on arms and back. I'm like, cool. I'm going to go work on letting go of the past and accepting love. Everybody loves the gym. Ooh, the gym makes me feel sexy. Well, you know what else is sexy? Not being a walking red flag. Nobody cares about your abs. You think the guy having a meltdown at Chili's, right? I think people respect the gym because there's a culture behind it. You know, like gym rats. They have t-shirts that say beast mode and better source. Better sore than sorry. Therapy people, we need t-shirts. We need shirts that says no dad. No problem. All right? I can't stop. Won't stop crying. Ah! I could have used some therapies as a kid, weird kid. Bed wetter. Oh, yeah. I wet the bed every day. I was 13 years old. My mattress looked like a goddamn coffee filter. All right. Woo! Wee! I ruined a lot of sleepovers, folks. Yeah. You start to run out of excuses after a while. And your friends, like, what happened here? I was like, ha, geez. I must have spilled a cup of piss. Ha! Ha! Yeah, they say a lot of bed wetters become serial killers, which I believe, because we learn how to clean up a stain pretty quick. That's how embarrassing it is wetting the bed. Almost probably be known as a murderer than a bed wetter. You know, your friends, it's on your mattress. Why is it all crinkly? How am I to kill you? Ha! But hey, growing up now, 36 years old, I grew up before the internet. Maybe a better time for a kid. Maybe a question back then. Hey, mom, what's the capitalist out the coda? She's like, I'm on the phone. And you just didn't know. What a concept, not knowing. Now we have so much information right there. Now I have an Alexa. I love this thing. An Alexa is like a mom without the passive aggressiveness. Ask any you want. Hey, Alexa, how many cups in a liter? 4.23 cups. All right. I'm like, hey, mom, how many cups in a liter? She's like, ha! Why don't you check your mattress? Zing! That Alexa is tricky. I read an article recently. It said Alexa actually listens to everything you say, stores it in a database. Could use it again to you later. It's like, damn, just like a real woman. Now I'm all nervous. Like, Alexa, what's the weather out there? She's like, why don't you ask Siri? Oh, boy. Here we go. Yeah, it's got to be hard to be a kid now. I feel bad for kids. So much stimulus coming at kids. iPhone, internet, social media. Remember how happy go lucky with kids? Not a care in the world. Maybe run another car. Shotgun. That was like the biggest problem I live. Shotgun. Yeah, I never see kids doing that anymore. The only time a kid yells it out now is in a classroom. Oh! Oh! School shootings. What a bummer, huh? Oh, the Great American Pass time. Yeah. School shootings like the menstruation of America. That was about once a month it's bloody and everybody goes, well, I guess it's my turn now. Oh! I know. They're bad. I like how they're blaming the video games. Video games cause violence. Come on. Video games don't cause violence. Video games cause carpal tunnel and vaginal dryness. I know a lot of guys that play eight hours of video games a day. The girlfriends are like, violent. Slap my ass, choke me, I'm dying here. Look, I don't think games translate to real life. I grew up playing Monopoly with my friends. None of them now own property. To be fair, some did go directly to jail. Yeah. That's uh, we got problems here, you know? Like, I just got back from Europe. They really make fun of us over there. That's like all they do. Oh, you Americans, you're so fat. I'm like, hey, yeah, we're doing great. Why is that a bad thing how fat we are? I think it's cool. It's like impressive. More people die in America, obesity and starvation. Which is like, hey, we did it. How cool are we? We're dying from eating food. We go up to heaven, some guys like I starved to death. What happened to you? We're like, snacks. Yeah, the McRibb is back. What do you want? Is he going to hug you? He lose your foot, frostbite? Nah, frosting. Yeah. Yeah, we're fat. We're so high up on the food chain. One of my friends, he only eats grass-fed beef. You realize our craze is? That means he gets to pick what he eats. He eats. That's pretty good. And here's the weird thing. Cows eat grass. That's much we mess with our food. When something eats what it's supposed to, we brag about it. That's like saying, hey, no, my four-year-old is sober. Get the hell out of here! What? Father of the year over here. Yeah, we're fat. All my friends are fat mostly. My family's fat. I grew up pretty fat, you know? I try not to make fun of fat people unless they make fun of me. That's when I let it go. Yeah. Like, all my fat friends, give me shit. One of my fat friends told me I have skinny privilege. Like, privilege. Something can't be a privilege if you could do it too. I'm known to my whole life. It used to be thin. That's how privileges can't be attained by exercising. Right? If that were the case, then black people would take a jazz or size class. They wouldn't get pulled over. Right? It'd be that simple. He always condescends to me. Oh, you're so lucky you're thin. Lucky. You got to work at it. It's hard. What the hell? I got to eat right? It sucks. Saying you're so lucky you're thin, saying you're so lucky you don't have kids. No, no, I had food, and I pulled out. He's like, whatever, it's easy being skinny. Well, not really. You couldn't do it. Ah. Ah, yeah. I read a news article about obesity. They said they're thinking about putting microchips and obese people's brains. It shocks them every time they think about food. I was like, if we have that kind of technology, I feel like we should be using that on pedophiles. Why are we wasting that on chubs? I don't care about your candy intake. I'm worried about your candy output. Priorities, people. You know, the cupcakes you want just don't touch a little Debbie. Ah, pedophilia, huh? Any pedophiles here? I mean, statistically, it's got to be two, right? But hey, we're all adults here, which is a sentence they hate. You guys ever get down your knees and thank out a pedophile? They didn't choose that. They got dealt to bad. Hey, we're extremely lucky. We should be grateful. Think about close we all were. When I was in third grade, I was attracted to third grade girls. Now I like adult women. When I was in third grade, I like grape juice. Now I like red wine. But I still like grape juice. Holy hell, that was close. Thank God, my brain just knew the right way to go. Woo! I just watched a documentary on pedophile with my friend. My friend goes, ooh, I could never have sex with a kid. They're so annoying. I was like, that's it, huh? That's the thing that's holding you back? Need a better reason that, right, buddy? It's like, hey, what happened to Greg? He went to prison. Why? He met a really cool kid. That checks out. All right. Yeah. But it's good to get out of New York. That's it, you'll eat your life, you know? Good to be here. I live in the Westville, Germana Hatten, you know, a real cool neighborhood. The gay pride parade actually goes rep in my house every day. And, yeah. I like a gay area. Gay guys are the best. Progressive, non-violent. You never meet any violent gay guys. There's no gay gangs. That would just be a musical. Any gay guys here tonight? Yeah. Hey, all right. Thanks for coming out. Um, big fan. One of my best friends is gay. He's obsessed with straight guys. That's like his thing, you know? He's like, I love flipping a hetero. He's like, you know how hard that is? Now, hardest go out every night. See a bunch of people you want to have sex with. You don't want to have sex with you. I was like, that's exactly what it's like being a straight guy. What the hell are you talking about? I would argue it's just hard for me to sleep with a woman. It's for you to flip a hetero. He was like, nah, nah, nah, you have no idea. You got to take him out for hours to convince him. Yeah, yeah, same here. He's like, nah, nah, nah, even if you do pull it off, which is like a miracle, they feel horrible after. Yeah, yeah, same thing. We went back and forth for hours. Ardenbeth is all night, back and forth eventually. I woke up at his place. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I went to the gay pride parade last year, still sore. Had a good time, had a lot of characters out there. Made a gay guy there, hated straight people. I never heard of it. He was a hetero foe. I didn't know that was a thing. He was like, yeah, a screw straight people. You guys are the worst. I was like, whoa, come on, man, we gotta get along. Also, without us, you wouldn't be here. Don't bite the hand that breeds you. Yeah. And I have to ask who's gay, sir, because I have the worst gay-darr on the bite-can't-tell who's gay. One of my friends is always brag about his gay-darr. Well, God, he's gay. He's gay. He's gay. I'm like, well, that's not that impressive. I mean, red a gay bar. I don't know. You wouldn't impress me with your gay-darr. Start pointing out gay babies. Now, that's impressive, right? See that kid breastfeeding over there between you and me? He's miserable. That's a hell of a gay-be. I like all the grilizbians in the house. Hey, all right. Wow. Yes, I love your websites. I feel like lesbians are underrepresented. I travel the country doing comedy. I always see fun gay bars in every city. They always have fun names like the manhole or the back door. Where's all the fun lesbian bars? Where's like the dugout or scissors? Also, you always see a group of girls with one gay guy in it. You never see a group of guys with one lesbian. I'd love to have a lesbian in my crew. Just gay guys very helpful. They help girls with the hair, their outfit. Love them a lesbian helping me out with stuff. They're like, ah crap. The car won't start. She's like, I got it. Yeah, you flooded it. You pussy. Thanks, Debbie. Glad you brought your tools. Sat tire. All right. But you guys are cool. You know, a lot of crowds getting sensitive. It's getting weird out there. I got yellow show recently. This guy goes, hey, buddy, that's a trigger word. I was like, whoa, I think it's pronounced trigger. Easy there, big fella. And look, you know, if you get upset or offended, that's cool. I'm not one of those guys. You're allowed to be offended. That's totally cool. But if you are, just shut up. You're not a hero. You're just running a show. Just be offended. Just let it flow through you. Just feel it, right? Yeah, don't share. We don't care. Just feel. Yeah. We all have thoughts. I might want to sleep with your girlfriend. I just hold it in. I don't say. Yeah, yeah. We're so obsessed with words now. It kind of shows how good we have. We've got to focus on words, you know? In the 70s, it was all about actions. If you want to show your brave in the 70s, you need to jump over 12 buses on a motorcycle. Now I see a guy making off-color joke at the office. I'm like, that guy's fucking fearless. Oh, shit. Wow. Yeah, I don't know. People take things so seriously. I guess they got to show you their personality by yelling at you about stuff that bothers them. I don't know. I don't meet any of this stuff. I'm just saying words in a certain order to elicit laughter. People like try to figure me out through my act. It's all jokes. I told an abortion joke recently. And a woman approached me. She was like, hey, that's very insensitive. I've had an abortion. You shouldn't tell jokes like that. I was like, whoa, hey, sorry. I just told a joke. I think what you do is much worse. But, you know, either way, I'll see it home later, honey. And again, all jokes. I love abortions. I paid for two last week. I'm a fan, right? You remember? Come on. It's all jokes. Friend of mine, she works at Planned Parenthood. She loves that joke. And I was like, I might have to get rid of it. People don't like it. She's like, no, no, you got to keep it. I was like, I might get rid of it. She's like, no, no, you got to keep it. I was like, no, you got to keep it. I was like, no, you got to keep it. I was like, no, you got to keep it. I was like, no, you got to keep it. I was like, don't tell me to do with my body of work. She's like, every joke is a miracle. But I don't want to upset anybody, you know? Ah, jeez. I don't want to upset. That's not my intention. I'm upsetting people on accident now. I was at a Starbucks recently. It's a guy handing my coffee. I went, hey, thanks, chief. This guy goes, ooh. Don't say chief. It's offensive to Native Americans. I was like, how is that offensive? He goes, whoa, don't say how. Gabat! How do we get here? Weird time. Weird times. We're times. Taking words away, you know, I get it. You know, words hurt people. I get it, you know. But here's the thing. We're kind of like a weird word prohibition. Can't say this. Can't say that. That's why I feel like every now and then, we should all go to a politically incorrect speak easy. Just to say, where we can all go to say horrible stuff and nobody cares. You got no hate in your heart. You don't want to hurt anybody. But if you can't say it there, give us a place you can. You go down some creaky stairs. You're bang on a big steel door. The guy's like, what's the password? Red-threaded. Red-threaded. Red-threaded. The guy's like, what's the password? Red-threaded. Get in here. All right. It's like the 90s again. Because offensive words are like alcohol. Sure you can abuse it. Sure you can hurt people. If you do a response, we it's a good time. Just don't do it at work. Don't do it around kids. But go home. Close the door. Take the edge off. Uh, midget. Grrrr! Right? I don't want to say little people. That's like drinking no doles. But of course I get it, I just, you know, find it funny, I get it. But here's the problem, we forget that no one's politically correct up here. We're all animals. We're all trying to, we're all seeing the same thing, we're all thinking the same thing. No one's PC in their brain. This is a filter you put on when you talk, so you seem nice. Like no one sees a hot girl bend over and thinks, look at that independent woman, I'd like to treat her equally. Oh. Man, we're sick. Man and women, we're gross. But look where it's all gotten us. Then I feel like the whole country's pent up. Feels like we're right now angry, we got white supremacists, protest, hate groups. It's weird, you're allowed to be hateful in America as long as you're not specific. Isn't that weird? And if you're like, I hate Mexican people, everybody's like, oh my god, what a bigot, prejudice. But if you're like, I hate people, everybody's like, huh, fucking right. Isn't that worse? People are angry now, man. I had one of those white lives matter rallies, go to my house the other day, I freaked out, then I realized, oh, it's just a half marathon. That was close. I don't know, just be a good person. What about that? Just be nice to people, you know? Yeah. Like a lot of it doesn't add up, I can't keep track of all the rules. Like transgender, what do you think? That's how I feel, I don't give a shit. You want to go for a man or a woman, go nuts. Well, go labia. What's the beef? Look, it's weird to hate someone because they're trans, right? But it's also weird to love someone because they're trans. Shouldn't you like them based on who they are as a person, content of the character? People are so phony. I love Caitlin Jenner. Why? She sucks. She's against gay marriage or ran over person. What's the good part? Then they go, well, they have hard lives. All right, well, so do bids. Why don't you talk about how much you like them? Where's that hashtag? I don't see any tweets about midgets. Who's got a hard on a midget? Hard to get around, hard to drive, hard to get work? No love. And look, I'm not anti-trans, but I am pro-mage. I just don't get why we help one group and not another. It's just kind of trendy. And people say, well, trans aren't allowed everywhere. Well, you have been a roller coaster? Oh. Oh. At least trans be accommodated with the bathrooms. Midgets, everything not tall or toiled is? Well, imagine having a jump to take a dump. Weird. No help, no support. And you know what's great about midgets? I got a couple of midget friends. They're good eggs. You never see a midget complaining. Never. Every other group complains. Never a midget. Get on the news, sitting in a desk, legs, dang little fish. I can't. Never. Every other group complains. I see women on news. We have a glass ceiling. Midgets like, you're worried about the ceiling? Oh, there's shit. I'm trying to fuck with this counter, baby. Interesting. See, I guess I'm too open-minded, because I support all transition. Not just sexual. Why don't we stop at sexual? I support transition, a personality, transition of opinion. Right, like Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart got in trouble with some offensive tweets from years ago. Well, I'm not the same guy I was from years ago. I've transitioned. I used to have sex with 16-year-olds when I was 16. Now I don't. I'm different. Well, years ago, he said some offensive stuff. Well, years ago, she won the men's relay. People change. Hey. Why do you support that and not that? Huh. It just tells me if I ever get in trouble now, I'm just going to get a sex change, because you got to kiss my ass. Hey, Mark, we heard the interview from 10 years ago. That was Mark. I'm Margaret. I don't know. I support Kevin Hart also, because he's a legend. Oh, there we go. Mmm. I don't know. Everything's weird now. You know, the news is insane. The internet's full of hate. I feel like it's the little things that keep you happy now. You got to cherish the little things. I got a snapple today. I love a good snapple. I love that fun fact down to the cap. It was a good one today. It said, a polar bear used to be brown, but through evolution, they turned white because police were shooting them. I know. I couldn't believe they fit all that under the cap. Yeah. Ah, yes. A lot of racial talk. Now, white privilege. It's a term here a lot now. White privilege. But I thought it was all about diversity. So shouldn't we talk about everybody's privileges? Why we're just limiting it to whitey? Let's spread the love. Let's make every group feel good. Everybody's got something to all people. Privilege. See to concert. Jews. No hell. Pretty good. Pretty good. Women. Ladies night. That's cool. Black people. I can't wear a purple suit. Looks like fun. Everybody's got a perk. Indian people. Even if you're undatable, your parents will arrange something, huh? Let's spread the love. Who's got the energy to be racist, huh? That's got a suck to be racist. Wouldn't that be weird? Just like, you go to the bank and you're like, ah, there's Jews here. I got to leave. What a horrible life. Man, put on an outfit, go to a meeting, all that stuff. I don't care about any group enough to hate it. Dude, everyone, go nuts. I don't want to do anything. I'm lazy. I don't want to burn across or a calorie. Everybody's worked up at something. There's Muslims on airplanes. I'd rather a Muslim on a plane than a baby. Never had a Muslim kicked it back at my seat and pissing the aisle. I'm just saying if the airport had a baby ban, I wouldn't protest. Yeah, but transgender, they're using the bathrooms. Well, they're still using the toilet, right? They're not leaving a hot floater in the sink. If that was like their thing, then yeah, we should totally have a meeting. That's crazy, you know? And you get the hillbilly guy. Well, what if one of these perverts puts on a dress and looks at my wife in the bathroom? Ooh, what a score. Some guy can see your toothless wife shitting. Yeah. What a lucky guy. Come on, go to work, you little tick. But hey, we've come a long way. We hate to admit that. We hate to admit it. We've come a long way. We had whites only and blacks only water fountain, which incredibly sad, especially if you're a thirsty Asian. What the hell were they doing? Drinking out of a faucet? No one talks about it. Never come up once. Not a peep. Nothing. Blackpillar piss. Can you believe this shit? We got our own water fountain. Age like, can I get a sip? I'm dying out here. I got a triangular hat to block the sun. I'm a big fan of Asians. I think they're the best group. I think they're number one. I don't think they get the credit. They deserve the Amin Asian supremacists all the way. I think they're better than the rest. Any Asian people here? Hey, all right. You should be working. Come on. What are you doing having a good time? That's not the Asian. I know, god damn it. I want you a dealing blackjack or sitting on a box peeling something. Come on. Big fan, best group, easily the best group. No love. You guys get the short on the chopstick. It's pretty unfair. So quiet. So secure, Asians. Every other group's got a bragging boast. Every group's got a slogan. Black people. I'm black and I'm proud. White people. White power. Hispanics. A-ye-ye-ye. A-ye-ye. Not an Asian. And just head down, grades up. That's it. Age of the pet. You never hear about Asian crime. Never. If I was an Asian guy, I would just start mucking people and be like, hey, it's my word against yours. Big fan. Big fan. Oh, yeah. I think the news is a problem. The news pins us all against each other. News makes it seem like all white people are scared of minorities. I don't think all white people are scared of minorities. I do think a lot of white people are scared of looking racist. That's really the big fear with whitey. Like, if I'm walking down the street to four in the morning, I see a sketchy-looking white guy coming towards, I'm like crap. I'm going to cross the street. If I'm walking down the street to four in the morning, I see a sketchy-looking black guy coming towards. I'm like crap. I wish I could cross the street. OK. OK. I'd rather get stabbed. I look like an asshole. Yeah. White people, we are so worried about looking ignorant and bigoted. I guess because of our history, I went skiing, Reese's with my friend. We're sitting on the ski lift. I was like, why do you see more black people skiing? Why is that? My friend has no idea. But he's going to half-ass his weight through it because he doesn't want to see him dumb. So he's like, ah, you know, they don't grow up with it. Like, well, I'm pulling Louisiana. I'm here. Well, ski is very expensive. Ah, right, right, right. Yeah, you know, I've never seen a black guy with any expensive on their feet. Mm. Just say you don't know. That's all right. You sound way worse. That's why black people are smarter. White people, we do crazy stuff. We swim in the sharks. We go bungee jumping, cliff diving. Ask a black guy. Why do they do that? I don't know. That's white people shit. That's a good answer. They don't sit around going, ah, you know, you're up. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. But look, yeah. I'm a white guy. If I talk about race now, for some reason, another white person, Emily calls me racist. That's like what we do. It's like, I know you're trying to seem like a hero, but you're going to ruin that word. You're going to take the teeth out of it. That's like an important word. You're going to ruin it. Like, I was on the subway race. I was watching an interracial couple make out. I was just staring at him. And the guy next to them caught me and he goes, what the hell? I see you staring at them. What are you racist? I was like, what? Racist? No, I'm a creep. What are you talking about? I'm hard. Not a racist. I'm a roused. It's an important word. People abuse it all the time. Fred and Mike, she's Puerto Rican. We grew up together. It's like, hey, go into the gym. The white women there all give me the stink guy. Because they're racist. I was like, damn, what happened? She said, well, first bring my food and night it. Then I play my music really loud. Like, oh, maybe they just hate you. Let's not lump together all the Puerto Rico, because you're being a twat. You're being inconsiderate and rude. Take a little ownership. Look with it. You can't play everything on bigotry. Look, I grew up in a black neighborhood. I was a bed wetter. I'd see if their houses eventually stopped and invited me over. I was like, ah, they hate white people. No, I ruined their fucking furniture. They didn't hate white. They hit it yellow. Sorry. Mm. Uh-huh. Yeah. I like all the groups. I just make jokes. You know, remember jokes? Yeah. I met a nice girl in that Jewish app. What's that Jewish app called? The Jewish one? What's a Jewish app? That, the other one, the other one. PayPal. Yeah. Going pretty well. Yeah. A lot of ladies here tonight. That's exciting. Yeah, I feel like this is your time, ladies. This is the year of the woman. I went to the women's march. I mean, hadn't that was cool. Although I got to say, I haven't heard the word pussy yelled that much since that time. I rollerbladed to high school. That was a tough morning. Yeah. It's kind of crazy what women go through, isn't it? Like, some guy just like whip it out and stuff in front of women. That's wild. That's bold. See, I have a penis. So I'm not that scared of new ones. But I guess if you don't have a penis, the new ones got to be pretty scary. The close thing get to that feeling is once I was hanging out with a friend, and he just took out a gun. I was like, what the hell are you doing? He's like, well, you know I had a gun. I'm like, yeah, but we're at Whole Foods. Because a dick and a gun are very similar. If somebody pulled out either one right now, we'd all be like, whoa, is that meant for me? Jesus Christ. Don't point it at me. Damn. Dicking a gun, very similar. Both pointy, they shoot things. They come in different sizes. You get a pistol or a shotgun. I'm circumcised, so I'm sought off. But I guess guys, you do that just get confused. Because ladies, sometimes you like a penis. So guys think, hey, she liked one last night. Why wouldn't she like one with a copy machine? Women are so complex. Because I think generally speaking, when it comes to sex, I think men are a little more constant. You know, men like boobs, but we like boobs across the board. Boob in the bedroom. Great. Boob on the bus. Also great. Dicking the bedroom. Great. Dick on the bus. Call the police. Nobody's calling the police on a boob. You see a boob out in the wild. It's like seeing a deer. You're like, shhhhh. It's majestic. Look, there's two now. Then your other friend walks up, hey, look at that. A boob. We're like, ah, you spooked it. Come on. Yeah. We're cracking down on sexual harassment, finally. That's good. You know, it's sexually harassed more than women. The one group, pets. Yeah. Nobody ever gets consent from a dog. Nobody. People just pick it up, kiss it on the face. Rub its belly to that weird creepy long pet where you grab the tail at the end. We're creepiest hell with dogs. And we sound like creeps. They like it. They're begging me for it. Yeah. Thank God dogs can't talk. We'd all go to jail, right? Just some chihuahua in a courtroom like Percy flipped me over. Then he caressed all eight of my nipples. Then he slapped me on the ass repeatedly and said, you're a good girl, good girl. Ah, God. We harass dogs all day long and they're perfect harassing. They can't talk. So they'll never report you. That's why they're man's best friend. Also dogs forget stuff after like two seconds. You could stick your finger up a dog's ass. And be like, well, that was weird. Frisbee. Because really, when you break down our relationship with dogs, dogs are shameless, shameless. Hors, aren't they? I mean, they're like gold diggers. Look at the deal we've cut with a dog. Like, all right, pooch, I will. How is you in feed you back at the touch you whenever I want? Dogs like, what are you kidding? That's fucking amazing. I'll do you one better. When you come home, I'll hump your leg. I'll lick my balls in front of you. And when you have sex, I'll watch. That's fair. And cats, cats, the exact opposite. Catch your sexual assault victims. They're all nervous, get his head on his swivel, huh? You touch me, I'll fucking cut you. I'll cut you, motherfucker. Hey, hey, you're not grabbing this pussy, all right? Yeah. Now, leave me alone. I've got a window for an hour. But hey, you got to listen to ladies' fellows. You got to listen, you know? Friend of mine, she's like a big feminist. She's like, I have a full bush, because that's how I was born. I was like, holy hell, you were born with a full bush. That is a terrifying baby. Cut the ambiococard. I can't find it. I like a strong woman. I want a woman to cat call me. Cat call us. Ladies, that'd be hilarious. Start yelling out stuff at men that we don't want to hear. Stuff they would scare a guy. Now you walk past a group of girls at night. When I'm like, hey, I'll tell you, I love you on the first date. You're like, Jesus Christ. Oh, no. That is terrifying. Yeah, get us back. Can you walk past the girls? They're like, hey, before we have sex, I'm gonna poke a hole in the condom. This is a horrible neighborhood. Hi, God. Start the car. Oh, you ladies are fascinating. So complex. Yeah. One time me and my girl were watching the news. There was a whole thing about a CEO harassing his employees. She's like, can you believe this creep? Grab women's asses? Whisper dirty stuff in their ear at work. I was like, yeah, that's crazy. Then we got home later in the bedroom. She's like, can you do that stuff from the news to me? I was like, I thought you hated that. I said, I hate it. He does it. If you do it, it's hot. So you hate her ass, man. Unless you like the guy, then it turns you on. That's fascinating. I don't think other groups like black guys get her ass by the cop, but at night, they're not like, come on. Pull me over. Yeah. Yeah, it tays me, bitch. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah, my girl. She likes being insulted in the bedroom, which is cool. But nobody tells you that Nottel insults her sexy. Had to learn that the hard way. Yeah, it would be having sex. I'm like, yeah, you're a whore. She's like, yeah. I'm like, yeah, you slut. She's like, yeah. I'm like, you're a bad driver. She's like, what? Like, that's the one that bothered you? Oh, weird. She's like, you really have a bad driver? Sorry, dirty skank. She's like, thank you. Ha-ha. Yeah. Yeah, sometimes I'll try to hook up and she's like, I can't have sex, and I don't feel sexy. I can't have sex, but I don't feel sexy. Wow, that was the case for me. I'd still be a virgin. I've never felt sexy my entire life. The whole concept of sexy is very arbitrary. You know, your girl comes and I'm wearing my sexy leopard print underwear. Well, when did we decide leopard was a sexy animal print? I don't know. Nothing says sexy underwear to me like yellow and brown spots. In that case, I'm wearing my sexy underwear. It's a rare jungle cat called the Skidmark. Ha-ha. Yeah. How about the true crime? You gals love a good true crime. All that forensic files, killer women, date line, hours of this stuff. My girl called me watching two seconds of gay porn. She flipped out. She was like, what the hell's going on here? I was like, well, you watch murder. Isn't that way weirder? She's like, well, you're watching this. Do you want to do that? I was like, well, do you want to kill me? She was like, oh, shut up. I'm just watching my show. So I know what to do if I ever get in that situation. I'm like, well, maybe that's why I'm watching gay porn. I wonder how this goes down. So I get the hell out of there, right? She's like, that's ridiculous. This is a reenactment. Well, this is, too. This guy's not really a real estate broker. Too much porn. I think porn has really changed the game, you know? Out of the gate now, sex is much kinky, or I think is a porn. Out of the gate now, it's like choking, spitting, finger up the butt. Which is weird, because these are all things my older brother did to torment me. It's all the same shit. We've just taken bullying out of the playground, brought in the bedroom. I got my girl on top now. I'm like, Indian sunburn. Ah. Seriously, you go to a school yard during recess. Some kids holding her own, pulling her hair, calling her names. I'm like, man, he's good. I'm taking notes. Get back to your girls. He's like, wow, where'd you learn that? I'm like, a couple of third graders, actually. But don't worry, I like red wine. It's weird out there. Who knows? You gotta get married, right? That's what you do. Ooh. Scary, huh? Marriage feels so antiquated. Feels like we've come so far with everything. We're still doing that thing. What are we doing? Especially the ladies. Every girl of every day is like, when are you gonna propose? Clock's ticking, pop the question. Why don't you get married so bad? What is it? Ladies, you come so far. When it comes to marriage, you guys get kind of old-fashioned. I want the ring and the cake and the dress. What? Grow up. Ladies, you're killing it. Go frolic. Be free. But it's my special day. All right. What if through one mind? I don't know. I feel like a lot of guys look at marriage the way women look at anal. You know, or boat just like, well, we all know this day was coming. Let's get it over with. I'm not sure it's even natural, OK? Either way, when it's all done, we'll get new sheets. But that's why you ladies are brilliant. You guys are geniuses because you guys tend to be the ones who want to get married. This might have designed it toward the man as you. That's some Jedi level trickery right there. You're like Yoda. I want to get married, but you'll ask me. Yes, you got it. And you'll get down on one knee. No problem. Anybody have an expensive ring? We'll do. And whose idea was this? All mine. Well played, ladies. Well played. See, guys, we got to cool with the sexual aggression. When we come on too strong, we're creepy, we're scary. Ladies, you guys got to cool with the commitment aggression. That's where you guys push. That's where you guys get creepy. When you exchange key, when you're going to move in, when you get married, it's like, whoa, hey, no means no. Slow down. I feel pressured. I'm not ready. And your family jumps in, hey, when are you making honest woman out of my daughter? What? Who's this guy? Imagine my dad did that. Hey, when are you going to bang my son? Huh? Back off. I don't know. My nuts, marriage just feels like the least romantic thing on the planet. It's legal. You got to go to a courthouse. Get a license. What's the license for? That's the only license we don't check, by the way. Drivers license, liquor license. People check a fishing license. I'm going to start checking marriage license. Next time I see a short, broke, weird guy's, like, that's my hot wife over there. I'm going to be like, let me see some ID. I don't know, but I just got my license renewed. You know what's weird? When you buy alcohol, you show your driver's license. Isn't that weird? The thing I'm not supposed to do with this stuff, you want to prove I can do? By that logic, when you buy it guns, you show your marriage license. All right. Lady walks in. I'll take that revolver, guys. Let me see some identification. Why? Cheers? You know what? Just take it. Ah. I don't know. Then you got to have kids. Ooh. Kids are scary. I like babies. Babies are fun. You know why babies are great? Because they're not evil yet. There's a million douchebags out there, but you never assume that baby will become one. Isn't that nice? That's why no one ever goes up to a pregnant woman. Rub's her belly and goes, ooh, this one's going to suck. No, it's all up. It's all potential. It's all positive. Oh, it's kicking. It's all about soccer player. It's never like, oh, it's kicking. Might hit his wife. Ooh. It's statistically way more likely in a pro soccer player, right? Plus, it's already hitting a woman, not even out yet. Mm. Ah-ha. Yeah. I don't know. I got to figure something out. Being a relationship is always tough, you know? I've always said, people say weird stuff. And you're like, Mark, you're a comedian. Must be a great boyfriend. Why do you say that? Well, women love funny guys. All right. We're checking the one singular positive aspect. If you do it with any guy, I think it'd be, seem like a great boyfriend. See you real killer. Take out the killing. This guy's organizing cleans up after himself. Terrorist. Take out the terrorized guy's passionate. Loves the travel. Chalmalester. Take out the molesting. This guy's got a van. I can't wait to start a family. LAUGHTER I just got a bad brain. I'm too literal. Literals bad with dating and stuff. I had a blind day once, where I went to the girl's saw me. She goes, hey, I bet we'd have really cute kids. I was like, all right, I bet we'd have great sex. And she goes, well, slow down. It's like, slow down. You're nine months ahead of me. Ah, this girl hated me. She was like, you know, I feel very brave tonight. I was like, why is that? Because I'm not wearing any makeup. I was like, how's that brave? Because I'm being my true self, being the real me. I was like, OK, she's like, you should be brave. Well, yeah, maybe I will. She's like, what are you going to do? I was like, I'm going to stop pretending she's interesting. LAUGHTER She was like, wow, I can't believe you just said that. I was like, yeah, took guts. LAUGHTER I don't know. Working on it, trying to get better. I realize I'm a weirdo. I remember I had a one night stand once. Went great, fun night, hanging out. But during the sex, you did a new one I never seen before. She had like a four-year-old. You ever come across this? We'd be having sex. I don't know where she'd be like, you know, if you want to even pull my hair. I don't think. Mm. LAUGHTER And we keep going, you know, if you want to even slap my ass. I was like, you got it. I keep going. You know, if you want to, you can choke me. I was like, I do. And we finished we had a great night. We're laying there. And I was like, you know, if you want to, you can leave. She didn't care for that when I thought the timing was perfect, you know? A lot of girls get mad about the whole leaving thing. But if something personal against you leaves, it's just a weirdo. I'm in my head. I'm a nut. I'm an introvert. I got to get out of there. A lot of girls get mad like, what do you just bang me and leave? Well, yes, this was a long night. I've been trying to win you over like nine hours. I'm exhausted. There were five guys at the bar hitting on you. I'd outcharmed them. Be more interesting. Be conversation. Be funny. Be all night. She was like, what? You're going to just bend yourself. I'm like, what are you fucking stupid? LAUGHTER You do myself, what? I'm an Indian. If I was myself, you're like, hey, if that or let's fuck. Ah. That's not going to work. She was like, well, I don't get it. Why do you want to leave? Like, I don't know. I just going to go talk to somebody. Well, why not talk to me? I just want to go talk to a friend. She can tell me anything. Well, that's not true. She's like, I swear to God, you can tell me anything you want. She's like, all right, well, I recently had sex with a woman and she won't let me leave. LAUGHTER So that ended. What is that with the leaving, ladies? Don't really hit a nerve with you guys. Ladies, you want a guy to stay? Make them want to stay. Like, guys, we have pickup lines. Ladies, you need state put lines. That's where you kick in. It's OK. I approached you at a bar. I was nervous. I was on my heels, chucking and jiving. I made it work. Now, you want me to hang out? So you do it. Isn't that justice? She's like, well, you're not being that fun right now? I'm like, I know I already did that. That's how I fucked you. LAUGHTER But now, you want me to stay? So you go. It's just a shift change. That's all. Wind me over. Charm me. Sweep me off my feet. You do it. I don't get it. Girls are always like, I want this kind of like me. You push your boobs together. Where high heels, you look sexy as hell. Then a guy's sexier like, that's it? Well, that's what was advertised. It's very confusing. You tricked me. Your outfit's like a movie trailer. I'm like, oh, I want to see that movie. I go see the movie. Then I go home. LAUGHTER I don't sit around going, I got to get to know this theater. LAUGHTER And I'm not saying the theater sucks or anything's wrong with it. It just wasn't advertised. Talk to me. I love you. I had a girl once. You can't leave. You fucked me. Well, is this how you get people to hang out with you? LAUGHTER How about a conversation? Anico, knock knock. Something. Ladies, you do kegels, tighten up those stories. LAUGHTER I didn't even get why this is so controversial. I'm just tired. I've exobbled, bragging the heat all night. I've been playing the hits. I'm exhausted. I want to go. I was like, well, how could you be fake all night? I'm like, well, you fake to two. You don't look like that. You wear makeup. We're both full of shit. Your eyes don't go, lulloo at the end or whatever. We're both lying. I'm just wearing makeup in my personality. That's all. LAUGHTER I don't know. Like, ladies, you know when you go out to dinner with a guy, like, just because you bought me dinner, it doesn't matter who you sex. And that's true. But just because you let me have sex with you, I mean, I owe my morning. Right? It's the same exact transaction. Equality. I don't know. That's why it's weird women go, we're just as horny as men. Yeah, maybe. We have a lot more requirements, ladies. Quite a checklist. You're like the Goldilocks of Dick. This guy's too short. This guy's too dumb. This guy's just right. Guys, we'll fuck the porch. LAUGHTER And I'm not saying one is better. We're just different. I go to the doctor. He's like, what happened? I was like, it was too hot. LAUGHTER But look, I get it. You know, it's got to be tough to be a lady. I feel like women are getting screwed in the orgasm department. I feel like men are having way more orgasms than women in that sucks. People are talking about the wage gap. The orgasm gap is out of control. You gals are getting 77 cents to the boner. LAUGHTER Like, if a woman had to have an orgasm to get pregnant, they'd be like two people here. LAUGHTER And you get nothing for your orgasm, ladies. Like, if a guy is an orgasm, go and get pregnant. Care a baby for nine months. Deliver the baby, then breastfeed the baby. And all the guy to do is this. LAUGHTER And he tried really hard not to do that. It's a horrible set up of the woman. The guy is all the fun. The girl is all the work. That'd be like if I ate a whole chocolate cake and the girl gained weight. And she went to the gym, and I got puffed. LAUGHTER That'd be tough. Plus, women, constantly judged by your looks. That's got to be exhausting. Constantly judged by your looks. But y'all not look good. You all look great. That's how women figured out to take the selfie up here. That was all you, ladies. You know what your good sightlines are. I think that's why women like tall guys. It's just some guy looking at you from your best angle, 100% of the time, all day long. That's why you don't hook up with short guys. It's just some guy like, geez, look at the triple chin on this broad. Holy hell. LAUGHTER Yeah, you like a tall man, ladies. And that's okay. That's how you're wired. You're all a bunch of height supremacists. LAUGHTER That was always the first question back on the dating apps. You're over six feet. You're over six feet. You're over six feet. You're over six feet. I fell bad after a while. I fell out of come up with something. I was like, well, no. But if it helps, I'm still growing as a person. LAUGHTER That's what I got annoyed with. One girl was like, how much do you weigh? She was like, whoa, that's body shaming. It's hard for me to lose weight. It's even harder for me to gain height. LAUGHTER Yeah. Plus, men are so visual. That's a lot of pressure. Constantly, men are so visual. You never know what your guy is looking at. My ex girlfriend, very paranoid. Always going through my phone, sock drawer, sniffing me. Always looking for clues. That's why I'm surprised you don't see more female detectives. LAUGHTER Ladies, you guys will be amazing at that. You guys are intuitive. You're curious. You're persistent. I feel like you gals with crack every case as long as you thought it was personal. LAUGHTER That's the key. Like, man, this guy killed 18 people in Fresno. So what? Well, he's also cheating on your best friend. Give me the file. LAUGHTER Correct. That case in an hour. LAUGHTER Gotta be tough, ladies. Constantly judged by your looks. Gotta be exhausting. But somehow, men get the blame for this. Like, it's just men judge you women. What should we do? Well, ladies, you guys judge each other quite harshly. You judge yourselves by your looks. You do stuff to your looks, men even care about. Eat your nails done? Who's that for? We don't give a fuck. LAUGHTER All this jewelry and stuff? No guys are really like, oh my god. See that necklace Kelly was wearing? Holy hell. LAUGHTER That's all you, we don't care. But it's always men. Friend of mine, she got breast implants. So I was like, hey, they look great. She goes, uh, men. So shallow. I got these for me. I was like, okay, well, then you're shallow. LAUGHTER Why is this on me on the sun? Look, we're all shallow, all right? But ladies, you can tell your shallow about how you get offended by. Friend of mine, some guy called her overweight. She flipped. Started dieting every day. Just to spite this guy. Started exercising just out of anger. I bet it my friend got called dumb. She wouldn't angrily go back to college. Interesting. They say the C word is the worst thing you call a woman. I think it's fat. What do you think, ladies? Hmm. C word is bad. Shouldn't call a woman the C word. I think fat is worse because it's visible. The C word's an opinion. That's why I know that. That's why no woman ever looks in the mirror in the morning. She goes, ah, I just feel country today. Yeah. What do you think? Country? Is this putting off country in this? I don't know. You can measure fat as a scale right there. There's no unit of measurement for the C word. That'd be a great info, Marcelo, wouldn't it? I feel so much better after I lost 13, country meters. LAUGHTER But that's the thing, ladies. I feel like you gals get so down about your looks but you can do so many amazing things you never really brag about. Let's go through a list of stuff women can do that's unbelievable. First of all, you can make people. LAUGHTER That's insane. People are coming out of you alive. You can be bragging by that constantly. I know men will take a photo of a good shit. LAUGHTER You're making human beings! How annoying would men be if they could make people a mad ham ham ham? Men named kids absent. They'd even do anything. That's Jimmy Jr. Oh yeah, what'd you do? Pfff, I came. LAUGHTER She didn't. I gotta do everything around here, yeah? LAUGHTER Ladies, you can feed people. That's bananas. You got grade A, vitamin D, organic milk, on tap. LAUGHTER What do you got to cup a coffee? Right here. Volicereal? I got you. You're a fucking dairy. I know a girl she's lactose intolerant, still producing milk. She's making something, she's getting intolerant. LAUGHTER Much like my mom do with me. LAUGHTER Ladies, you live longer than men. And you have a higher threshold for pain than men. On paper, you're like a superhero. On paper. But that's the thing. You ladies are so incredible. You're such amazing beings. You're some of the most insecure people of every men. It's always by looks. What are you getting at your woman? Own it! It was the one with the cockiest bitch on the planet. What do you have a paper cut? I've been bleeding for three days. This fucking guy, huh? What else you got? Oh, you cut yourself shaving? Oh, last week an immigrant waxed my tank. LAUGHTER What's that you push out of kidney stone? Ooh, I pushed out a little league player. How do you like that? Now give me those fruit loops. Aaaaaah! But one of the most amazing things about women, the thing you get no credit for, ladies, the most unbelievable, impressive thing is your ability to hide everything. Everything is a goddamn secret. You're all in the CIA. You have the real you, then you let us see. We'll go with menstruation. Pretty big deal. Let's start there. You hide it pretty goddamn well. Men are clueless. We have to guess. Is that time of the month? What do you think? Time of the month? Is she acting weird? Do you have anything? Is it time of the month? Do you realize that men got there? They'd be blood everywhere on the walls, the sidewalk, everywhere. Everywhere. This guy's walking to work out, fucking uterine lining Jesus Christ. Holy hell, goddamnit. Give me one of those masculine napkins. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You two, huh, Jeff? Guess we're synced up. Yeah, there we go. All right. There we go. That says don't flush it, but fuck it. It's all hidden. Everything's hidden. I used to work in an office in Midtown, Manhattan. I was the only guy on the floor. It was me and like a hundred women. I never heard one fart, not a tooth, not a cleave, nothing. Nothing. Sometimes on Friday I'd bring in Chilean, just wait. Nothing. I farted up here eight times tonight. I walked it on one woman once, once taking a shit. It was like I walked it on a murder scene. She was like, get the fuck off! Jesus Christ, take it easy. You're allowed to shit. On the opposite, you walk in a me-shit. I'm like, hey, what'd you bring? Nothing. You're giving us nothing, ladies. All your sexual stuff, that's all under wraps, very hush-hush. Men walk around my ass, man. I'm a boo-man. Never see a woman go. I'm a ball-gale. Yeah. I love that sack. Nothing. It's giving us nothing. Then you want us to know how you're feeling and stuff. What are you getting? We're in the dark. Sometimes I read a Cosmo. A woman's magazine just gets a mince-eyed dirt. One time I was reading a Cosmo, there was a full-page article on how to go down on a woman properly. It's like, this should be in like guns and ammo or a field of street. Court's illustrated. Teachers, like, we want to please. God damn you. You got fake eyelashes. Hair extensions, banks, foundation. You should know what I'm thinking. I even know you fucking look like. That's why it's weird when a woman's like, you want to have sex with me? I get to know me first. Get to know you. You're wearing three pounds of jewelry clown makeup and a whole lot of fart for four weeks. I don't know who the hell you are. That's why it's so important to have sex. It's not because we're horny psycho animals we are, but it's important because you finally see behind the curtain for the first time. And it's glorious. Ladies, your hair is so beautiful. It's so beautiful. You're wearing the curtain for the first time. And it's glorious. Ladies, your hair is messed up. You're naked. Yelling out filthy obscenities. You're like, damn, who's this? Your friend calls, hey, it took a month, but you bang Sarah. How was it? Great. I finally met her. He's like, oh, man, all right. We'll come over. We'll talk about him. I got cash. You won't let me leave. Thanks a lot. I'm Kevin Hart. You guys were great. What a crowd. Thank you so much for coming out. I appreciate it. Praise the law. Get home safe. I'm gay. Thank you. Have a good night. Keep it up. LA, I love you. Governor. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Oh All day Everyday He was on that block and said we made a way made a way Yeah, today, man, that's the only way only way they gon' know my name and celebrate a way Made a way Made a way Made a way Made a way Made a way Made a way What up? Thank you very much Thank you Very nice nice to be home very nice to be in New York I Are Pretty Yep You know how you know someone from Staten Island They let you know that they're from Staten Island If you don't know what Staten Island is it's like New York's abortion that live Just shitty place No, there's good people everywhere but like not in Staten Island Yeah, like everybody could die in Staten Island and I wouldn't sleep over at all I'd be like oh I guess I got it fine I knew Xanx dealer, like that's about it No, it's nice to be home I had a Had a fucked up week at a long week I had a flight Cape Air I don't know if anybody's ever flown Cape Air but I'll tell you what it is It's a Volvo that flies It's Volvo with wings First thing you pull up to the airport I didn't even know it was the Cape Air Airport because it looked like a post office So I told the Uber driver I was like listen I think we're at the post office And he was like no this is the airport and I was like well okay First thing you do when you get in there is one lady working in the airport And when I got in there I was very like I was like put the fucks on And she was like okay way your carry on I was like that seems normal I've weighed my carry on before and she was like now weigh your backpack I was like well that's a little odd I've never really weighed my backpack but you know maybe this is not a lot going on at Cape Air Maybe she's just trying to get a good work in like you know what I mean So I weighed my backpack and then she was like now you I was like why do I have to be weighed? And she was like well we have to weigh everybody so we know where to sit you on the plane So it doesn't topple over because it's not like a regular plane And I was like did you just say regular plane? Fuck is that okay? It's terrifying You walk to the plane you can sit shotgun with the pilot Like he's your buddy from college The pilot was trying to give us a speech before It was crazy he was just like all right guys before we take off on Cape Air I just want to let you know pretty much the most important role You guys know how on a regular plane I was like what's with this fucking regular plane thing? I was like get a new spiel So you know when you're on a regular plane they're like turn your phones off but you really don't have to turn your phone off On this plane turn your fucking phones off All right everybody have a safe flight Just happy to be home very uh get a little older and when you say that and you're 22 people immediately think you're a dick But like I'm the oldest they've ever been So like to me I've been around Like I've noticed little things getting older like now I can't get hard but just like looking at a picture of a girl Yeah I can't do it anymore At first I thought I was gay I was like oh no I'm gay now I was like that's what this means No I didn't know like when you get older you can't just like get hard I didn't know you have to like bat it around You can get it going you know He's been able to get hard and any picture of a girl she didn't have to be naked As long as she was kind of like this Like I can always just jump off There's some sort of a tilt My mom's cool man she's getting old now it's kind of sad Like she just turned 46 and like yeah she still works and She's still drive she's a trooper I don't know how she does No every day that woman gets up I'm like you're amazing My mom's so old it's like it's cute now Like whenever she does anything I find it adorable and I'm proud Like I talked to my mom there they she was like last night I got home at like 11 30 I just went out for some drinks and my friends and I was like fuck yeah you did Fucking Amy let's go It's weird my mom's single it's a very weird thing My mom's single my sister's a teenager it's very weird You know because whenever one of them brings a dude home I don't know who he's for Like when I answer the door I don't know I'm supposed to like beat him up or like play catch Like I have no idea I'm like are you my new dad? Do you want to see my room? I give my mom a lot of credit She had to do a lot of weird shit You know she had to like my mom had to buy me condoms I feel like that's a dad job I mean I never had a dad but I assume that's like the dad job Like in my head how I would get condoms for my dad is we would be having a catch And then all of a sudden a huge box of condoms would appear in his hand And he'd be like go log and he would throw it and then I would catch it and he'd be like I don't know I don't have a dad but I assume that's like how it goes down I tell you how it's not supposed to go down I got home from school and I was like a sophomore in high school And my mom was like hey I left a little present for you on your bed I was very excited I was like oh my god perhaps it's sneakers I was very endless possibilities it could be DVDs those were hot at the time It could have been a million things I get up there it's a 50 pack of condoms every variety every brand And I just wanted to be like my who the fuck do you think your son is Like I never even brought a friend home What made you think I was out there like slinging pussy I hang out with you every night do you want to fuck me? Do you want to fuck me mom? No let's fuck I'm mad now I'm mad now You and my mom are really close now This is how close me and my mom are like I send my mom pictures of my dick whenever I'm worried Easy She says nurse She's a nurse so I figured whenever like I get a dot or something Rather than go see the doctor I could just cut out the middleman send it to my mom That's not fucking no fuck you I don't like that No maybe you guys aren't just that close with your mothers Yeah I mean my mom are on a dick level No like no here's an example like if there was a line of dudes waiting to show their dick to my mom right it's her lucky day I could cut that line Because I'm with the family you understand No I had sent my mom pics I'd be like hey my mom sorry to bother you but you know do you see anything wrong here And she'd be like yeah Pete definitely something wrong And I believe what she's like you're sending me pictures of your dick with the fuck's wrong I'm a school nurse She's like put a bandaid on it I don't know No I was a loser in high school It was my fault though like I realized it's my fault I went to three different high schools okay the first high school I went to I was like wow everybody here is a fucking asshole And then I got to another high school and I was like wow lightning strikes twice Everybody here is a fucking asshole too And then I got to the third high school and I was like oh it's me I was like it was me the whole time I looked down I had a rolling school bag I was like perhaps I had something to do with this And I think it might have been my fault No fuck that why is the rolling school bag the gay one I never understood that that makes no sense to me grown grown adults You're fucking loser ever rolling school but I never understood that But you want to carry your books like a peasant that makes no sense to me Fucking roll down the hallways like a jean all your fucking textbooks What are you doing studying mother fucker like why is that why was it lame I never understood that I had a rolling school bag for four years I loved it Yeah even though I looked like I was waiting for a flight for like four years People used to make fun of me and what sucked was I never flew before So I didn't know that they were making fun of me I actually thought that they were helping me I was like hey man he helped me find science and then like yeah I think it's in like terminal four And I'm like oh thank you so much I appreciate it but thank you I um dorm dorms for I went to college for a little bit I dorms Fucking hated it isn't it really here dorm Yeah you go to NYU you go here Now where do you get gals go oh you go to pace Whatever I feel like dorming for girls is fun though it it you have fun with your girl is right Yeah because girls could like get their periods together and find out who A is Whatever Yeah there you are I know what girls do I hated dorm man I feel like dorming with like any guys in here dorm right now You what's up my man where do you dorm? You dorm now we're at 23rd So I said a dorm for school Yeah Where do you go? What's 23rd and 8 For what for here? NYU oh that's what's up how many people in your dorm? Three girls Three girls We don't have enough time We don't if we weren't shooting as special it would be an hour of just finding out everything about this young man One of them is your girlfriend? Ex girlfriend So don't You just walk in like a g like sup in for what? That's so dope when I went to college it was four dudes in a room like maybe from like here To here it was four dudes it was awful we would all wake up with boners and look at each other And we would be like this isn't what I thought college would be Everybody has to shit nobody wants to go first Fucking hated that I hated my roommates I remember one of them found out he had the biggest dick in the dorm And then all of a sudden he was making all the decisions all of a sudden It was like I think we're gonna go bowling tonight and I was like all right big dick Brian yeah whatever Yeah I used to jerk off when they were there fuck them I don't give a shit Yeah fuck them I won every night they had no idea sick I was jerking off when they were fucking typing awesome I did it at night I didn't do it during the day I'm not a savage Yeah I wasn't like four o'clock like hey what's up bro? Ready for study hall like it was like at night No I like to help people this is how you jerk off if you're sharing a room with somebody Very simple you get a very big bag of Doritos doesn't have to be Doritos I just always go with Doritos Get a big bag of chips okay and then you start crinkling it around we get non jerking off hand right creating some sort of an ambiance And then while you're doing that you jerk off Yeah they cancel each other out my room was just thought I had a snack every night They're like pete each Doritos every night for like a half hour doesn't share with anybody And then when he's done eating he goes oh fuck fuck oh fuck yes So first day at college I had this class and there was a mentally challenged kid in it And I have no problem with mentally challenged kids that would be very weird if I did Like if that was my beef If I was like peace and love and fuck mentally challenged kids wait what's up with this guy The problem I had was I was also in that class Yeah so like one thing came to my mind when I saw the kid I was first like oh and I was like oh What is that? I was like am I mentally challenged like is this Is this how they're going to tell me they're just going to throw me in hope I figure it out No I wouldn't be surprised I was like maybe I'm like one of the better ones or something Maybe I'm their leader I had no idea By the way I see a lot of people getting sensitive because mentally challenged people are very sensitive to top people I understand completely but to make you feel better I have a mentally challenged cousin And I asked her if I could do these jokes and she was like so it's completely funny She's very supportive loves me okay She wasn't like oh she was like I know the difference it went up I remember I had a sit behind this mentally challenged kid You know because we were in alphabetical order just so happened we had the same close last name I got to sit behind him And I was like this is like karma this is what I get for cheating on every test in high school God's like cheat now have fun drawing dragons on your test I never get this is a true story I'm like not that good at comedy this is like a real thing that happened I'll tell you we had movie day in college I'll tell you yeah teacher wheeled in a cart and was like it's movie day and I was like sick And I was like wait it's college why I never got this the teacher picked far as gum okay It's a true story and I'll never forget this before he starts the movie he goes all right class who here so far as gum I swear to God the mentally challenged kid just goes I did sir and that's my favorite movie and I laughed so fucking hard I laughed so hard and then I looked around nobody else was laughing Even the mentally challenged kid was like are you fucking serious right now it's a nice dragon Been trying to smoke less weed If you were in this front row of shorts you know it's not working out very well I don't want to quit I'm not like a pussy I just want to smoke like at night I just like to not be high all the time it's hard but I feel like you know I can figure it out eventually It's not good like when you don't smoke weed for a little bit like it's crazy like you have feelings You know like something will happen and I'll be like hey I don't I don't like that As opposed to like seven years of just being like it is what it is Swag or whatever I think I smoke weed subconsciously like I don't even know I'm doing it I'm serious Like I think I smoke weed so like if I fail in my head I'll be like well I was high so what did you expect? You know what I mean but if I accomplish something I'll be like and I was fucking high Woo! So it's like this I always win in my head This Christmas I had a couple weeks off I tried to go to rehab for my mom as a Christmas gift But it's weird I tried to go to rehab because I wanted to smoke weed less like I didn't even want to quit Don't tell anybody that in rehab by the way So I didn't have enough time to think about it I was like I'll go to rehab so I asked my friends I you know people who know about this stuff and I was like where should we go? What's like the best place they were like you should go to a rehab facility in Utah Without even thinking book the flight Did you know when you book a flight to Utah there is a layover in Denver And I was sitting in the airport like is this part of the fucking rehab like do I is this level one? Do I have to get past this? Also did you know that there's rehabs everywhere you don't have to go to Utah? I found that out because I got there and I was like hi my name is Pete Davidson They're like oh wait you're from I was like I live in Manhattan and like oh have you heard about our facilities in Manhattan? I was like no I heard about the one in Utah So weird thing going to rehab when you want to smoke weed less like not even quit Because people are there for crack and meth and I'm there because like I want to know what food tastes like That's what happens by the way when you stop smoking weed for a little bit You're like oh some food isn't that good? First thing you do when you get into a rehab is you check into detox I didn't know there was no such thing as detox for potheads So I should have known something was up because I was in a line waiting to check in And everybody in front of me was shaking and I wasn't And I felt uncomfortable it's like fuck that I'm not gonna be the odd man out In rehab so I started shaking myself I was like oh I kicked in later you guys fuck holy shit I remember this guy was just like hey guys I'm Joe I do crack I died And then he was like but they brought me back Ha ha obviously and I was like ha ha ha ha I don't know if that's funny And he was just like this is my last shot everybody was like thank you thank you Joe And I didn't know you thanked him after so I was late I was like oh thanks Joe And then everybody looked at me and I was like They had all these weird rules very very weird rules like they were like I wanted to watch crank 2 the guy there was a bunch of people in the rehab I was like yeah you ever see crank and the guy was like oh yeah it's one of my fears I was like ever see crank 2 he's like no I was like how long have you been in here And I like in order to watch crank 2 you have to fill out a form like if you want to watch something I was like crank 2 And they were like no you can't watch crank 2 Because this drugs in it this sex in it this violence in it you know What if someone watches it and then it makes gives them the urge to go do that again and it ruins their their program I was like that makes no fucking sense that would never like if that's the reason why you're gonna withdraw like you shouldn't be in rehab anyway That's just how I feel like I doubt I'm ever gonna be in a rehab meeting ever again And someone's like hey my name's Max so it's my second time back crank 2 I love smoking weed I'm probably never gonna stop to be honest with you Yeah and I'm not doing it for an applause that's just I have problems I need it and it makes me feel better So I got like I love smoke I love smoke weed and driving it's my favorite Yeah I love being high when I'm driving I'm like I don't mind traffic I'm like oh company Alright I'm like we're all in this together you guys You ever make friends in traffic that's the fucking best pull up to a stop go to the guy next to you like The guy next to you is like I love smoke weed I don't think I would have any friends fight and so smoke when we I wouldn't I wouldn't have any friends I've been friends with my friends for seven years I don't know anything about them when we got along very well Just been like seven years like and that's it You hear that new song yeah it's dope our whole friendship it's fucking amazing I love smoking weed to watch your movies it's my favorite You ever get so high you like watch the credits And you're like who directed this he did a good job I think that's what IMDB was created for people just get high and they're like where is this guy from? And then you're like oh there he is he was in the Patriot One of my favorite movies to watch high is Jaws Jaws is one of my favorite movies because it was made in the 70s So when I watch it it looks like a movie Does that make sense it probably does it but when I watch a movie now I'm like oh that could happen But because it's in the 70s I could tell I'll give you a couple examples like I love the way they talk in Jaws They talk very differently like this is seen where Richard Dreyfus wants to ask the mayor if he can cut open the shark to see if that little Kittner boys in there I'm glad you left because it always makes me laugh No I'm serious it always makes me laugh. I think it's just a visual of like what if the little boy was actually in there You know like what if he like cuts it open and all of a sudden the boys like He's like he was in that chief That would be hilarious I just like the way they talk in Jaws There's a scene Richard Dreyfus wants to ask the mayor if he can cut open the shark and he's like hey could I cut open the shark see if Little Kittner boys in there and the mayor goes I'll be damned if you cut open that shark and I see that little Kittner boys Spill out all over the dock and I'm like that's fucking sick Nobody talks like that anymore if that scene was made today that whole scene would be like hey can I cut open the shark? You're like nah fucking do it later Don't want to get the dock dirty and shit Also, I was watching Jaws I found out a scene that doesn't actually belong in there. It's not proven I just watched it and I was like I felt Here's the scene so Richard Dreyfus finally is cutting open the shark And this fat guy comes out of nowhere and he's just like hey Hey What type of shark is that? And Richard Dreyfus goes it's a tiger shark and then the fat guy goes what? That scene shouldn't be in the fucking movie It makes no sense. I was like what is that Spielberg's uncle? What is that? It's probably his uncle He's like Steve A you're gonna put me in your movie? He's like yeah, can you say a what? He's like can I fucking say a what? Come on Another movie I watched high I actually really like I watched the vowel recently I Love the vowel If you don't know what the vowel is it's a chanting Tatum and Rachel McAdams and they're married and in the first scene They get in a car accident and luckily she goes through the windshield and Oh, yes, my favorite part and it's in slow motion so you get to enjoy it No, fuck that it's always the guy going to the windshield and I was like oh it's a girl. I said I'm Nicholas barks. I see you I'm invested She goes through the windshield she ends up losing her memory. She doesn't remember that she's married The movie should have been over right there. That's it Should have been a short film about some bitch. You should have wore a seat belt. That's all I needed to be Instead of that the rest of this movie this poor guy Trying to make his wife fall back in love with him because she don't remember him That would never happen I mean maybe a wood but I tried to put myself like in that situation wherever I watch the movie and I wouldn't be able to do it If I'm being completely honest like if I get married to you and you become a vegetable like you're a vegetable now And I'm on the run Because I'm not a vegetable That was me honestly and I walked into my wife's room and I walked in the hospital I go to my wife's room and I was like oh my god honey are you okay? And she's like who are you? I'd be like oh wrong room my bad Sorry to bother you man I would call on my friends me Guess who don't remember I tried I said hello I've been thinking about what I want to do with my life Trying to figure it out First thing is to find a pair of pants to fit Like I have a belt on and they still fit Like that's ridiculous No, I started wearing skinny jeans because I heard it ruined your come when I was like sick bring them on Yeah Big supporter of skinny jeans They ruined your balls It's great brand that should be the commercial should be like two people fucking coming inside and then I'm just putting on skinny jeans No bag no problem. I was wearing skinny's I Figure out what I wanted to do I want to do commercials I Want to be a spokesperson I don't want to do movies. I don't want to stand up anymore I really just want to be like a commercial guy Like an AT&T guy they're like hey you need a fucking phone like I'll be that guy forever No problem. Hey, you need a fucking phone But I'm talking to my friend some people hate spokespeople Some people do not like spokespeople at all You know like whenever I'm watching TV and my friends over my house And if I'm watching TV and and flow the progressive lady comes on Immediately the person I'm with is like, oh this fucking bitch. I'm like why I mean I agree But like why why do we hate her so much? My friend was like that what you want to be you want to be flow as like I'm sure she has friends like I'm sure So she's not alone on the weekends And I was like look at Jared. I'm like he's the worst one out of all of them No, some people don't know what happened with Jared and I love to tell them Literally my favorite thing in the world when I go to hear about Jared and they go no I'm like whoa. I hope you have a half hour If you don't know what happened with Jared basically he fucked a bunch of kids Once you fuck a kid it's over for you There's no coming back from fucking a kid Get that in your head now I'm serious Once you fuck a kid it is over So it's very hard For Jared to ever come back He will never come back And there's only one way The place that he was reping and come back and I figured out how is If I am the new spokesperson And I play one of the kids that Jared fuck And I'm like hey guys I'm Timmy I don't know I feel like Timmy would be a kid that would get fucked Like if I was a pedophile at a playground and I was like what's your name? And he was like Timmy I'm like oh I'm gonna fucking fuck the shinnah What about me shut up Connor nobody wants to fuck you Fucking Connor, I was trying to get raped No, I would be like hey guys, you know my name's Timmy and one of the kids that Jared molested It's a very unfortunate situation, but the sandwiches are still great You can get in fuck the sandwiches you can still eat the sandwich he fuck my little boy booty hole, but not the sandwich I'm a hyper-condria I am a mosaic. Oh I'm very crazy. I know I'm crazy So like it's kind of okay It's really not You know Like I wake up every day and I'm like I have not been arrested yet and I'm like good job I'm a hyper-condrake I always worry about my dick. I don't know about anybody else But I'm always worried about my dick. How are you? Do you always worry about your dick dude? It's good. Oh, she the fucking most confident man in the world Fucking Mr. Dosekies over there Hey I'm worried about your dick now. I'm fine man. Oh fuck you dude. I was a Actually never in my life my dick is perfect I always worry about my dick. I always freak out for no reason like His here's how I thought that you could get something like Uh, I'm sure every guy can relate to this. This room is my day whenever it happens Whenever I have to take a shit in a public place and my dick touches the toilet seat Arru is my day immediately. I'm like oh my god. I just got everything in this place My dick starts like coiling back because like it knows what it did and so I'm like no fuck you I actually told my doctor that once. I was like before you take a look. I think I know what it is I'm like you take a shit and I make Donald's and you dick touches the toilet seat I think that's where I got this from and he's like that's not possible And I was like well you're the doctor. I'm just trying to help I like going to free clinics because they know what's up You know nobody goes to a free clinic for chemo everybody goes to a free clinic because they had fun yesterday I like to go to this free clinic in Brooklyn because it's very well run That's right. You could yup other things besides food And I went in and it's very well run the first thing they don't waste any of your time It's great the first thing they do they prick your finger to touch you for aids They give you a number and then you sit with everybody else And then while you wait to see the doctor they'll call your number tell your your age result Yeah, it's like bingo it's sick It's fucking best establishment in Brooklyn Maybe I'm not painting a good picture enough A nurse will literally come out to the waiting room and be like 33 No And 33's like Yeah 34's in the corner like fuck it's been seven knows it a row Do for yes I've never seen a yes yelled out I have never seen a yes yelled out like I've never been there and a lady's been like 34 Yeah, you have eight Like that's never happened. I don't know what they would do What do you think they would do? I'm sure they would just like take you into a room And throw you a magic Johnson jersey and be like welcome to the team bro Come on be positive. Don't be negative I gotta tell you a funny story about heavy my boy heavy. So I'm I'm a I hate everybody, but I won't let you know it Like I'll be really pissed or not having a good time. You'll never be able to tell heavy exact opposite Something's wrong You know about it immediately. It's why I love bringing him places, right So me and him we go to the Justin Bieber concert we get very fucked up. We're like let's go see the beeps No, he puts on a great show. He really does he puts on a sick show You should go see him don't fucking clap. This is my time, but seriously you should go see him He does put on a great show, okay? Now enough ball-washing for him all right So me and him we're really fucked up. We're very late. We're like an hour late to the concert and we have front row We have like seats over here, okay We're late we get there. There are these two little girls. They could the eight years old tops In our seats having the fucking time of their lives Like you couldn't tell these girls nothing like they were having just the sweetest best time ever So I go to heavy and I'm like listen Your 30 I'm 22 I'm like, let's give these kids their seats Let them have a nice fun time and we'll just hang in the back and heavy goes ah I'm so fucking literally not And I swear to god he goes up to these two little kids and he goes oh excuse me a little princesses Uh, these are seats and they go no mister and he goes oh I think get the fuck out one time And then like without skipping a beat he's like this gonna be sick. What if some I Been uh, I watched a lot of porn like I could post the throwback Thursday photo of me jerking off and um Like I do I watch a lot of porn and I noticed something. I don't know if you're an avid porn user But online there's no new porn unless you pay for it So I've been watching some of the classics No problem I could watch some classics Yeah But I noticed something that I don't like in porn because I've been watching the same porn's over and over I'm noticing new things You know like this is something I really don't like I don't like when male porn stars moan Yeah, what the fuck's up with that? It's like you're a professional act like you've been there before Yeah And you know as a male porn star like guys are jerking off to this so why would you moan so loud? You know how distracting that is Have some fucking respect for your fans seriously Oh, I was watching this porn the other day and I was like oh yeah fuck Fuck yeah, and I was like what a fucking weirdo. I'm like you shut the fuck up so I can fucking come please you fucking weirdo I Don't make any noise when I have sex zero gentlemen Nothing please. Thank you the whole way through I don't even make noise when I come when I calm I'm just kind of like Yeah, like I just had an epiphany or something like oh my keys they're my jeans like that's how I come Don't forget to turn the oven off. That's how I literally come You If I'm drunk I'll yell out one thing when I come I'll tell you what it is Okay This is one thing I'll yell out when I'm drunk when I come this is the one thing Okay, I don't know if any of you are familiar with the film 101 Dalmatians You There is a scene In 101 Dalmatians when Jeff Daniels this puppy gives birth Okay, and this lady take care of the puppies She's like there's 14 puppies One of them died there's supposed to be 15 but there's 14 And Jeff Daniels being the goddamn genius of an actor that he is Out of the corner of his eye notices the 15 puppy that they thought was dead is starting to wiggle. So it's alive And he looks at the lady and he goes no Not 14 15 15 puppies So I yell out when I come now Which is a huge step up from sorry So Anybody here have a do shrooms Like I'm afraid to do drugs because I love them Like whenever I'm about to do a drug I need to do it with a friend that way like if I die he dies too For some reason that would be so much better for my mom to find out Like if two of us died it's not as bad as just me. Does that make sense? No, I'm serious because if I just died my mom's like what a fucking drug addict But if it's me another friend I'd be like that bad influence Ryan Always said he was no good for my son I pick my friend Ryan to do shrooms with me my friend Ryan some of you might know some of you might not He's just six foot five two hundred fifty pound black dude from flat bush Brooklyn Okay, he's been a jail bunch of times for real shit not for like hopping a turn style like murder Okay, he didn't do it and Yeah He's nice to me So I before I do a drug I usually google the best and worst thing that could happen I Probably not a good idea But again, I'm not a smart person. Let me tell you how not smart I am okay This is how not smart of a person I am I thought Chicago was a state until a week ago Not done only reason why I found out Chicago is not a state is because I was in Chicago doing a show came out Said wonderful to be in the state of Chicago Nobody said anything Nobody said anything till the end of the show so I did a whole show with state of Chicago confidence That's how fucking stupid I am So I looked up I was like what's the best thing that could happen to you on shrooms best review I saw was I did shrooms I saw the world and I feel like I'm a better person now and I was like That's a great review 200 likes nice reliable Worst review of shrooms don't do them jumped out of my window 500 likes I was like fuck I have two windows so there's double either chance So I got Ryan in my apartment and I got a guy a man to come over to install shrooms Child locks on my windows And he got to my house and he's putting in the child box and he's like oh my god This is so sweet. What's the baby do and I was like there's no baby me and him are doing shrooms So we do shrooms and then nothing happens for about an hour And you know when people do drugs or drink and they and they just brag about how not fucked up they are And it's the most annoying thing ever To me it really bothers me whenever someone's like drank 14 beers. I don't feel shit And it's like oh, maybe you're autistic then because you should be fucked up completely to be honest with you So we were getting a little mad that it wasn't working so we turned on this movie With Al Pacino and Christopher walkin. It's a new movie. So just know They already look scary I'm on my phone for like 20 minutes just scrolling and you know how when you scroll and it look the little loading bar comes up So the next page can come up there was no loading bar. There was just pages coming up So I was just like oh wow my wife I is sick like I was very into my wife I was like net gear 32 kill it right now fucking flying through everything no loading bar It's very excited Ryan goes yo Is Al Pacino orange And I'm scrolling and I looked up and he was but it didn't bother me I went back on my phone. I was like yeah, he is really bothered Ryan because now Ryan was hiding under a snuggie shaking And he said yo bro call me when this is over So I was freaking out. I was like already the safest guy that I picked to do shrooms with is already hiding under my snuggie Fucked I sort of panicking and freaking out. I can't do this alone, you know I can't do anything alone So I told Ryan I was like listen I'm gonna go downstairs tell the door man. We're very high on shrooms in case anything happens To which Ryan goes why the fuck would you do that? And I said so he knows I It makes no sense but at the time it made so much sense to me He's like why would you do that? I said why the fuck would he do that so he knows Guy with the questions So then I got in the elevator it went down one floor and it stopped the alarm went off And I was freaking out. I was like fuck I'm fucked. I need to get out of here So I started punching the elevator trying to open it. I was freaking out. I was staring at my fist I was like if it ever would happen it would happen now Wolverine come on one time Wolverine one time didn't happen obviously. I wouldn't be here right now I got downstairs Okay elevated doors open. I was too afraid to get out because I was afraid I want to go back up Makes no sense but at the time huge fucking problem Like I was like what if it don't go back up So I just stuck my head out to the door man. I was like hey, it's Pete Third floor if anything happens me and my friend Ryan will really high on shrooms And he looked at it like this and then the door just fucking closed His face I got back upstairs into my apartment two windows open no Ryan So So what I said I fucking knew it. I knew this would happen 500 people liked it And then Ryan goes yo my bad about the windows. I'm in the bathroom I was like all right Okay Now normally I don't care what my friends are in the bathroom for over an hour And I don't ask what's going on in there But we were both on shrooms and it was over an hour So I was like hey Ryan what the fuck's going on in there and it was like bro you gotta get in here Ryan's been a jail So I was like is this jail Ryan Or is this my friend Ryan that we all know and love I Get in there. This is a true. This is exactly what's going. He's naked in his boxers flexing Having the fucking time of his life just flexing. He's like, uh, yeah, uh-huh. Yeah Yeah I'm like, what's up bro? Like what's going on? And he's like I'm the Hulk And I didn't know what he was talking about. I was like what do you mean you're the Hulk? He goes don't you see? I'm green I'm the very first black Hulk And he kept flexing and I was like I don't I don't get it. He was like look in the mirror This is the only time that I tripped. I looked at Ryan like this looked at him into the mirror He turned green into the mirror and I was like oh my god you are the Hulk congratulations. This is sick So then I got a little cocky and I was like perhaps I'm also the Hulk And I took my shirt off and I just looked very sick. I was like I need to get out of here I Ryan gets on the couch or watching we're about to watch the rest of this movie the second we hit play It's a scene where Al Pacino comes out from behind the corner and goes hello And we were like fuck that. That's the scariest thing I've ever seen about life. So we shut it off It's horrifying seeing a 75 year old orange person go hello was fucking terrifying So Now me and Ryan are both high on shrooms shirtless under our snuggie just shaking holding each other And then my mom text me okay my mom sends the worst possible text you could send when someone's violently high on shrooms She sends me a peat just wanna let you know. I'm so proud of you I love everything you're doing you make such smart decisions and dad would be very proud And then I just started crying I was like oh man my mom's all proud I'm on shrooms I wasn't even the Hulk like it was just this whole fucked up a bad day And then Ryan goes shut the fuck up And you know when you're crying and your friend don't care it makes you cry more When you're like uh and your friends like uh and you're like like Please care So maybe cry more I was like what do you mean like who does that means like bro seriously shut the fuck off I'm gonna punch you in the face I was like why can't you just be my friend why can't you just be there for me and he's like Because I miss my mom too and then he started crying and then we both held each other and cried Under my snuggie and then the shroom trip was over and then Ryan did the funniest thing I've ever seen anybody do Um he took the snuggie off and he dabbed his eyes with it And then he looked at many one He'll pee shrooms Incredible Thank you thank you very much So We'll do some 9-11 jokes and we'll get the fuck out of here. How's that sound It's hard to transition into anything. I don't have I don't know if you noticed anything about my comedy But this it's not many transitions It's very like dick fuck dead like it's like very straightforward easy listening comedy Like you know, it's not the Kendrick Lamont. I'm very French Montana of comedy Like after every joke I should just be like So Yeah, my dad if you don't know he was a fireman. He died 9-11. He was very good dude Uh, and I have a lot of jokes about it and if you don't like the first one you probably won't like the rest What's cool about your dad dying on 9-11? Is The free parking is also oh for one scurball That's not the only good thing about your dad dying come on Now the cool thing about my dad dying and being a fireman was like now I get all this fireman gear So whenever I smoke weed in New York City I wear it Yeah, so now people just think I'm a shitty fireman But I'll be so high I'll forget when people come on to me and be like you're a fucking disgrace and I'm like you're a fucking disgrace I'm like oh shit, I'm a lieutenant. I forgot I'm very sorry have a good day ma'am I Didn't really care what my dad died it didn't bother me very much because I was seven you don't understand things when you're seven You know if it if it happened now I'd be in a world of trouble, but I'm actually it's weird to say this I'm a lucky it happened when I was seven. I know that sounds weird, but it's a it's the real thing Like I remember my dad died and my mom was like your dad's dead, but we got you a PlayStation 2 and I was like yeah cool I was like that seems about even That's pretty fair Oh, I'm serious. I really didn't care. I was like I'm gonna push my mom down the stairs and get a ps3. I was fucking ridiculous It's my new life of murder and toys What's weird is my grandma on my mom's side my mom's mom she uh her birthday's on 9-11 and she never liked my dad Oh Kind of fishy isn't it I always wanted to ask her I always wanted to be like hey grandma On the low Did you make any wishes No No, every year my grandma's birthday comes around and she's like I'm not gonna celebrate. I'm always like why It's something happened I want to get a tattoo. Uh, I want to get my dad's initials um It's a very like Italian statin island thing to do I feel like Italian people are almost like waiting for someone in their family to die So they can go get a tattoo I'm serious. You haven't been to like an Italian funeral awake and the son of whoever died as like the prayer card going down their side You know how the fuck did you do that already and it's like healed I um I want to get my dad's initials, you know I want to get a tattooed on me. I feel like it'll be very cool Uh, but I found out recently. I can't I don't know why I never noticed it. I guess I just never pay attention But my dad's initials are smd Yeah That's why we named the special smd But smd also has other meanings like for instance suck my dick That's the more popular meaning Believe it or not So my friends are like you can't get that tattoo because people will think you're an asshole You know and I agree. I'm like you're right. I shouldn't But then I thought about it. I was like I should I was like I could only win I was like if someone has the balls to bring it up to me Oh, I will win like so fast Like I will never lose. It's so dope think about that. I'll have it on my neck Fucking having a good time girls come up to me and they're like you're a fucking pig. All I gotta do is be like Actually, it's my dad's initials and they'll feel so bad. They'll probably suck my dick Hey guys, you've been amazing. Thank you Thank you for coming out. Thank you very much Oh Tego's Singah's come back here, come back here, come back here. Come back with my phone.
For negative back making movies again like a motherfucker now. We making movies every motherfucking week we make a movie now. White people thought we was gonna make gone with the win our first motherfucker movie. That a bitch if we kept doing it we'd have get it right. And now because white people make movies they used to make themselves heroes like Tarzan, one white motherfucker went to the jungle and took it over. Swing through the motherfucking trees and hollinship. Raps with alligators. A nigger been living in a jungle all his life. Couldn't say hello to a motherfucking monkey. That a bitch. I don't know what they got niggered to play in the movies too. They'd be going through the jungle with two bedroom apartments on their motherfucking head. Did they made a scary motherfucking movie with the exorcist about a little white bitch get attacked by the devil. It was supposed to be scary to have a nurse in the show with white vote. They'd be passing out the devil. Niggered was in there eating popcorn. Get the devil bitch. Go ahead get the bitch. And this little white girl got possessed by the devil and she passed and she fell. And spent on a mom and shit like that. That's why my sister couldn't have never got possessed by the devil. Because soon she spit on my mama. That would have been it. Herring the motherfucking devil both. Go home and spit on a black mama and see what happened to your ass. The devil be out on Broadway. See niggers never get possessed by the devil. Cause we got too many problems already. Cause I was as soon as my mama would have walked into house. My mama was a girl. What the fuck's wrong with you? Got all that green shit around your mouth? You've been down there fucking with the Mexicans again, eh? You got guacamole all over the motherfucking house. I'm sorry, Mexicans. I love y'all. You don't have to have no green car. I wouldn't give a fuck. I hope they bring on 100,000 more. You motherfuckers over here. Cause somebody got to wash these cars and pick this fruit. And I ain't gonna do a motherfucking thing never in life. So there's one thing I found out about work. It take a whole motherfucking day. Think I'm busy. I got a job. I'm looking for one. And then they made super fly. I don't give a fuck what the black preachers say. Kiss my ass. I love super fly. It was about a cool motherfuckers. Not a cocaine all day. Kicked the police ass. Had a custom Cadlack and didn't go to the army. I love the motherfuckers. About the president. I'm making a law where every motherfucker had to watch it once a week. But the only thing about that movie is it's sent a lot of negative to the penitentiary trying to do that shit for real. I didn't even know about cocaine till I saw the movie. But I'm glad I saw it. Now I'm snorting everything I can get my nose on. Sock. Blower. Bacon powder. God gave me some pineapple coke last night. Massing gildussian powder. My nose ran all night. I had to put a minute bad on the motherfucker. Let's girl go on. You'd be mad if you didn't need one this month, would you? And there's nigga with you be mad too. Especially if you haven't fucked yet. But you know what? Nobody calls up ABC, NBC, and CBS and tell them to take Kotech commercials off of television. Now on television all day long I came to eat my dinner. I'd be eating a little grease and ham hawks and I put a little vinegar on them and the commercial come back on. We didn't put the vinegar back in the dust. Now what nigga can eat lunch after that? Then they got another commercial and later be running slow motion. She said get a minute bad. You can swim in it. Comes in three different sizes. It's got a plastic strip on it. Then they got a lady with a great big ass turn. Makes me look like I ain't wearing nothing. That a bitch. I got a big TV too. A ass just fall out on the living room floor. I go up and feel them all the fuckers. But one thing I want to say, you look beautiful tonight. God damn it, you look good and we glad of that because it's hard to do a show in front of a bunch of ugly motherfucker. Normally ugly people just pay extra money and rush their ugly ass right down front. But you look nice. I swear you do. But I also must admit there are a few ugly people sprinkle here and there around the world. And you ugly motherfucker. Know who you are? And the guy sitting next to you know you ugly do. Look at everybody looking all you the ugly motherfucker. But don't mess with no ugly guy here. Kick your ass cause he's mad cause he's ugly. They want to put a scar on your ass so you be ugly. They are. You never saw a nice looking person start a fight. Always the ugly motherfucker. I think it ought to be a law against two ugly people. You'll bring another ugly motherfucker in the world. And then they ain't got nothing to do and then you got crime. You don't believe me? K.A.D. down the jail. Nothing down there but ugly motherfucker. I was the nicest looking guy there. I'm out of here ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much. Right home, baby.
Who does she know? It's you? Who's the best cook? Oh, her choice. Taking it out and getting it out. Everyone, get back to your feet. Is he jealous? Yeah Woo Yeah, what's up? Make some noise, baby. Make some noise. I know that calls some money. You hold it. You hold it. I'm gonna watch your ass too. How y'all doing? When I say, hey, you say, oh, hey, hey, when I say, won't some, you say, oh, won't some. Won't some. More. I want some more. Yeah Boy, you're really doing it. Some of a bitch. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Some of a bitch. It's good to see why people smile in an everything. You're not about a wife here, but y'all brave mother vaga. Because after that, oh, Jay shit, they was mad in their mother vaga, wasn't it? This is an outrage. Son of a fucking orange. Fucking orange juice. Juicy. I'm gonna yell, it's turning in your hurts, running cars and everything. I don't want this shit. Fucking juicy. And brothers, it was partying like, I'm fucking out of the chat. Cheer, cheer, cheer. Give it up for you. I just got back from Africa. Give it up, baby. Give it up, baby. Come on now. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. And that's just an airport. I'll be getting it, man. I'll be getting it, man. I'm using the cover. I will make it. I will make it. Make you want to hunt, boy. Let puppy comms do the remix on that shit. Pooh-do-do-booh-do-do-booh-do-booh. Who money got yet? Uh, bad boy. Who money? That's right. Puppy, what are you doing in there? Sound like you and the booth getting ahead or something, what are you doing? What are you doing to record the remix? Yeah. Bad boy. That's right. Whoo! Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Africa, man. Africa. But you know what's crazy, because over in Africa, they got drive-by's in there. I think that's some shit. Drive-by's in Africa. That's some shit. Only they do a different over there. They'd be like, uh-uh. Did we get him? I'm holding one Nick Seven with my nox. But you know, drive-by's a craze over here too, man. We got to like start talking to these kids, you know, stuff, try to, you know, get them back on the path and stuff. The drive-by's getting crazy, man. Because I was an LA man and they shot at this guy, you know, because they thought he was throwing up gang signs. He was just, you know, he was signing. No, I'm serious. He was talking to somebody. He was like, he was death. And the brother thought he was throwing up gang signs. So they shot at him. Ain't that fucked up? Shot him and he just talking, you know, you know, when I, you know, when I had shame, man. No, no, I was a portray. What the fuck, man? You shoot him? That's bullshit, man. That's some bullshit. I know they're not dressing. You ever know that? I know they're not dressing. You ever know that? Yeah, man. But you know what? It's crazy. And guys, I want to tell you this, you know, start respecting, you know, you women and everything. Fellas respect you, women. Respect you, women. And be respectful. Ladies, you be respectful. Because, y'all, look at the olive. The only thing I be respectful. Because that's what happened when all that old-j-sia, you know, because the fact of it is that if somebody's seeing somebody else or somebody's dating somebody, you let them know. You know, that was that whole relationship triangle shit. If you got a man or you got a woman, let somebody know. Because somebody out here right now with somebody else's shit. And they come in here, they're going shoot there with the... What you at? Let them know. Fellas, you know, ladies, let the brother know if you got somebody say, I want to get you this. But I can't right now. Because... I got a man. He ain't shit, he ain't worth a shit. You know, he own work, he don't come home when he's supposed to do anything like that. And he don't respect me like he should and all that shit. But I love him. He's my man. He ragged in the mouth open. But I love his ragged ass. And then he was a... I want to get you this. And Fellas, you do the same thing. But you're trifling asses. And I'm with you because I ain't worth a shit either. You know, I tell you in a minute. And when you tell, you know, ladies, hey, I want to get you... Get you this. Well, it's some of y'all, because I'm under... BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Like a door stopper, shit. BOOM! I want to get you that, but I can't because I got a lady. I don't know why she like me. I ain't shit, I ain't worth a damn. But she loves me. You let them know. That's what I'm saying. And ladies, say what's on your mind. Because, you know, like when I want to get a lady, I'm straight, you know, straight forward. I don't be bullshitin' around. You know, I'm like, hey, I saw you. You know, you was at the show. You was laughing and stuff. And I just thought maybe you could come back to the hotel and shit. And I... I could hit it. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Okay, fuck it. I was checking your out. You was laughing and shit. You know, I was wondering if you could... Keep you get one. You just cast all you need is one. Because I hate it when ladies do shit like this. When ladies you try to get at them and then ladies say, I usually don't do this. I'm serious. I use you on do this. I am serious. I use you on do this. I swear. I use you on do this. I swear. But it's something about you, Jamie. You're just so funny and everything. You know, you just make me feel so comfortable. I mean, I really? Uh, yeah. You want to go up to the room for a second? I don't be going up to nobody's... Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! This is a nice room. By user, you've asked right here and I don't be doing this. I swear to God I don't be doing this. But it's something about you, Jamie. You just make me feel so comfortable. Yeah, well, you want something to drink or something? You know, I ain't had a drink about... Oh, is that tank a rake? Oh, that shit make me crazy. I normally don't drink like this, Jenny, but you make me feel so comfortable. Yeah, well, I want you to sit on the bed for a second. You know, I'm your bed. I don't be sitting on nobody's bed and stuff, you know, because I just usually don't do no shit like that. You know, but it's this, uh-oh. Is this the porta-peatic? I usually would sit down, but this is the porta-peatic. So I sit on this just cause of the porta-peatic. I ain't never sat on the porta-peatic. I swear, but it's something about you, Jenny. You just make me feel so... So I'ma sit right here. But don't you be trying no bullshit. I'ma sit right here on the edge and be trying to... This is nice. porta-peatic and stuff. Yeah, you want me to rub your shoulders? I am kind of tight. Not for long. What you saying? I said, don't get me wrong. Don't get me wrong. But first, you got a backup, a little bit. Back up. Yeah, back up to me right here. Yeah, a little bit further. Right here. Come on back a little bit. Right here? Yeah. Hey. For real, uh. It just rubbed my shoulders. Any kind of how to hear it. It is kind of how I'm just going to take this top part out. But you know, I usually don't do no shit like this. Jamie, but I'm going to take the top part out. But you mind your manners. I don't do this, but you just make me feel so... No. So you watch out. And to... Ooh, I want you to... Ooh, ooh, ooh. Ooh. Ooh, your hands are scrummed. Ooh, they're so scrummed. Oh, you got some a scrum in your hands. Oh, you're... Ooh, Jamie, don't touch my titty. You don't make me start doing some. I want to do that, Jamie. You better start, Jamie. You better start. Jamie. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, shit. I normally don't do this. But you make me feel so... Yeah, yeah, you're ready for some comedy. Give it up. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Give it up again to me.
I hate stand-o comedy. I hate it, but I've committed my life to it. It's been going around doing this. Oh, sad. You ever work a job too long? That's what this is. I've pigeonholed myself into a dying art form. I was a Nashville and a man named Belly Button opened for me. Oh, that's where my career is at. Got Belly Button opening up. I asked Belly Button too. Like, I asked him. I said, Belly Button. I asked him. I asked Belly Button. I was like, Belly Button, what do you do when you fill out a W9? And he said, what is that? So these are the kind of people I associate myself with. It's just divorce men who are committing tax fraud. Those are my peers. Those are my peers. So all things considered, it's pretty bad. It's pretty bad. You help people to say that. They'll be like, all things considered. That's pretty good. That's really good. It's like, well, I feel like you're not considering all things. Like, sure, you're considering something, but you're considering all things. You'd be crying right now. You've got to consider more things like NPR. You're inconsiderate. And sometimes I'm like, having a good day. I'll be having a good day. And then I remember that the oceans are dying. Do you ever get that just happy? And then you're like, oh, no, not the Pacific. Not my favorite ocean. You ever just get ahead and you're like, oh, I can't right now. How could I get sucked off at a time like this? When the whales are in their situation there, and I couldn't possibly succumb to some top right now, what kind of person could experience phallacio amid such a profound ecological event? You know, I could possibly get sucked off right now. We figure out the whales, then we can get back to me. We figure out the whales. We can get back to get sucked off, but it's up to us. It's up to us to get back to me. It's up to us. That's what they say. It's up to us to save the environment. I'm like, oh, that just means poor people with limited resources. In poor people, though, recycle. I'm poor. I don't recycle. I just put everything in one bag, and I hope for the best. That's what I fill those bags with. Hope. That's why garbage back commercials are like, look how durable this is. I'm like, I know. I'm not taking two trips. I'm too tired from being poor. So tired. But it's nobody's fault, you know, that the world's ending. There's just too many people. There's way too many people. There's way too many people. I know there's too many people because a child's leash touched my leg. That should never happen. I have a list of things that should happen. That's not on there. I felt a tug at my leg. I was at a corner. I felt a tug. I got to be a tug. And I looked down. I was like, oh, it's probably going to be a small dog. It could be a cute dog. It was a small boy. And he wrapped. He wrapped her, he braced around. And then his mom, she went, he healed. She healed it. He flew back. She healed a human. A human was healed. And I was like, who's fault is that? Yeah. I didn't know who fault that. I was like, is that a parent or a kid? But then I was like, well, we could kill that kid. We could kill it. We could kill it. No kid that's ever been leased has gone on to do great things. You know, name a successful person. They've never been leased. I guarantee it. Bill Gates, he seems like he would have been, but no. Greta Thunberg, it definitely not. She sailed across the Atlantic. They don't have leashes that long. They don't. Long as Lee's going to run you like 18 feet retractable. She would have got off shore bounce right back. She would not have completed her journey. And I try to stay positive. I really do, but it's hard because other people exist. And there's like so many, not you guys. Not you, but them. And then when you see them, you'll be like, you. Like I watch a man blow his nose into his hand. He'd be like, oh, it was in his hand. It was just more hand. What was in his hand? More hand. And then he flung it in one motion. I was like, oh, he's done this before. Yeah, he's done that before. I'm seeing this person's habits in real time. There's way too many people. I shouldn't see your habits. I should have to know you deeply and intimately, in a way that pros and cons of that habit. And then ultimately, choose, I don't want you in my life. I shouldn't have habits forced on me. The worst habit now is everybody has to know everything. That's my least favorite thing. Everybody's got to know everything. Everybody has too much information. And then once you have information, you become insufferable. Just insufferable. If you had somebody just know something at you, in these past couple years, you just have to sit there and take things being known at you. Just know it. Just relentless knowing at you. You're like, shut the fuck up. I already know what I need to know. I don't need more some other scary thing to worry about. I want to live in ignorance. But everybody knows everything. I think that just makes it a hard time to exist. And I already think it's the hardest time to exist. I think my generation, I think we have it the hardest. Yeah. Oh, yes, so hard. Man, my life is so hard. Amazonfront, Apple TV. I got too many subscriptions. I didn't mean to subscribe to such a hard life. You know, I have the first generation of roommates. That's hard. It's hard. It's hard to go through your day-to-day knowing you're going to go home to a grown man. You're going to go to a grown man just clipping his toenails on your couch. It has your couch. He didn't even split it with you. And he's on there clipping toenails and bed shorts, which are just shorts that he wears to bed. But it's 5 p.m. It's 5 p.m. bro. Like, did you just wake up? Or are you calling it an early? Also, why do I have memorized what you wear to bed? I don't love you. I don't care about you. You're only here because I need half. But there's just too many people who are running out of space. So everybody gives a roommate. Like, I have a friend in Indiana. That's a place where you're like, oh, I bet. But you own a house. You live in Indiana. Why would you live in Indiana if you didn't have property? So he just lives in a house with three other people. So everybody's doing very badly. Cross the board. Everybody's doing bad. You could see that we've been running out of space. If you look at technology, like audio, specifically, for this joke. I don't have another example. I just came up with the audio one. And I was like, all right, that seems good enough. Like in the early 2000s audio, everything was surround sound. I guess surround sound system. This Dolby Digital 500. I was like, whoa, 500? Was it always 500? They're like, we don't know it, but it's loud. Bring your boys over. Your boys are like, wow, this is loud. This louder than your wife. And it was the early 2000s. So we hated the wife. I don't know why I was like. Everything was surround sound. And now audio is just noise cancellation. They're like, you don't want to hear what's going on out there. It's messed up. And the walls are thin. And you don't really have space for four speakers in a subwoofer. The only space you can afford is in your inner canal. Just the 80 little bit of space. That's all you got, baby. But my proposal, my proposition, my idea to save space. We just combine golf courses and cemeteries. That's a good idea. Be serious. Be serious about this. I think that makes the game a lot more fun. You've got to pitch it over a crypt. Yeah, I earned that part four. I had to go over George III. I also think it makes it a lot more convenient. I'll be convened because a lot of people play golf. They're also on the back night of life. So like, oh, yeah, Grandpa dropped dead right in the sand trap. We stepped over and then we hit the country club for a BLT. But we just don't have a release anymore. There's no release anymore because we don't have kids until there's no release. It's weird to have a kid now. That's weird to me. You see how weird to you? Like, I see you're pregnant lady. I'm like, that's weirdo behavior. You're weirdo. You're weird to me. You don't have foresight. We're running out of water. You're going to have a thing that needs water? Like that is selfish, I think, to take our water. Firstly, I'm going to start drinking 18 cups of day. I don't want any water left for your dumbass kid. That's why I respect the guy who walks around with the jug. He's got that strong jug arm. I'm like, yeah, get that water out of here. I don't want to see any more water around here. Like, I think that people that have kids now, it's just for Instagram. It's just for somebody who could never get 100 likes before. And they're like, oh, maybe with his baby. I could get the kind of page activity I always wanted. People didn't like me for me. Maybe they liked me for me and my baby. Dress my baby up like a bear. You know, do a photo shoot in the woods. I, for some reason, look back at the baby real scared. Oh, my God. My baby's a good actor. 121 likes worth it. Worth it. Worth the greatest pain of my life. We don't have kids. So there's no release. Because the release used to be like, if you're having a bad day, you know, like feeling bad, like you're feeling bad about yourself. You know, you would go home and you would hit your kid. You would hit your kid. Feet your kid up. You're like, yes, I did something with my life. I struck my child. You know, but I can't go home and hit Evan. He's a grown man. He does CrossFit. That's an untrustworthy exercise. I don't even know if they know what they're doing in there. They're throwing anything around. That's too random. I can't predict random. He stays in his room for too long at a time. I don't know what's going on in there. Just push-ups and planning. I assume it come out every once in a while. It shows me a YouTube video. I fake laugh. I love everything George and B. Peterson has to say. No, I don't have to say that. You know, I have to say that because I don't want to be a part of his cycle of violence. I pay too much rent to be a part of somebody's cycle of violence. That's not included in the utilities. That's why I think everybody's medicated now. You know, like we all have anxiety and depression. Because the cure for anxiety and depression was child abuse. Maybe I wouldn't need to be on clonetin if I could just hit a kid. Get off this lexapro if I could just kick. I think it's a hard-to-do-do-sist. I do feel like I still have potential. Yeah. Yeah, I got potential. I feel like I still have potential. That's why I think it's a good time to kill myself. You gotta do it. The way too long you don't have potential anymore. Timing is everything. Don't do it, you're so on my kid. Oh, just holding for the edit. I'm not up here dealing with hecklers tonight. Usually, man, I would fucking cut you up. But they're there. They're a carers here. Yeah, I'm 20 and I feel like I still have potential. That's why I think it's a good time to kill myself. Because you gotta do it, well, I still have. You wait too long, you don't have it anymore. 28-year-old killer self-people are like, no. He had big things coming. Potentially. Then you're 39, you kill yourself, people are like, he's a good guy. 39, that's a good enough time to get stuff done. And I know suicide is like a taboo topic. I know. It's taboo. They're like, don't talk about it. It does taboo. But that's just because people are still Christians, you know. Because they can't read. And like Christian ideologies are so built into our society that we think that life is a gift from God. So if you take your own life, you're slapping God in the face. Because life is a gift from God. But if life's a gift from God, this God sucks it, it gives it. It gives the same shit to everybody you are. That's how I know God is not a woman. That's a thoughtless gift-giver, that's a male trait. It seems pretty last minute, did you stop at a kiosk? Why don't you take a hit next time? I don't think anyone wanted to be. I don't get a gift receipt or anything. You can have store credit, hard pass. The store credit never works out. I don't think anyone's going to be here. I'm glad we can joke about mental health stuff now. Are we can joke about that? People used to just get mad. Talk about anything mental health. People would get mad. You'd be like, I'm sad. They'd be like, well, that makes me angry with you. Okay, I feel like we're all experiencing emotions. I wish you had a range. People just didn't know what to do. They don't know how to deal with it. They used to just get mad. When I was 13, I got suspended from school because my school found out that I was cutting myself. And they got mad at me. Everybody got mad at me. They got mad. They sent me home. They didn't know what to do. So they sent me home. And I was like, okay. I'll go home. To where all the knives are. You should have thought that through. Tools of my trade. I'm cutting my wrist up, breaking new ground for the next generation of emo kids. They're going to have therapy. And they do now. I'm a hero. But sometimes I do want to get for a seat. Sometimes I do. People would be like, why? Why do you want to return this? I'd be like, well, look who's doing well. This is a selfish thought. Look who's doing it with like billionaires. That's who's doing well. Have you heard about this? Have you seen these people? They got billion dollars. Sound made up. Billion dollars. Have you seen these people? They are so ugly. I'm like, how do you have so much but also so little? And they won't die. That's my problem with billionaires. They won't die. You never hear about a billionaire dying. The only time you hear about a billionaire is when they got more money. I thought they were going to start dropping. Then we could all get a little bonus, you know, spread the wealth. I don't know how the economy works. But they won't die. I was trying to correlate. I was trying to make correlations. I was trying to figure out why they won't die. You've got to correlate. You've got to correlate. You've got to correlate. You've got to correlate. You've got to correlate. Doing my own research. Trying to figure out a vaccine to get rid of billionaires. They won't die. And then I was like, whoa. Do you think the secret to eternal life is having sex with children? Because that's what every documentary was about for like four months. I was like, oh, I'm on to something. Guess the fountain of youth is the youth. I didn't like it. I was like, stokes. I was like, oh, cool. This is happening. That's great. I didn't want that information. I was like, why are we documenting this? We should help these kids. And they're like, nah, we need content. Yeah, we need some content. Content's actually more important than human life. What do you think comes first? The billion dollar? Or the pedophilia? I think it's the billion dollars. That's why I question anybody who's ambitious. Oh, you wake up early. Okay, you have ulterior motives. I don't trust that. I don't trust that schedule. Mark Wahlberg's on. Why do we know he wakes up every day at 325 a.m. We got to look into that. But I don't have a fix for that. I don't have a solve. I don't know how to get rid of him. But how do we know that human sacrifice doesn't work? I've never had a good harvest. 20 years, I haven't had one good harvest. My crops aren't doing anything. I can't even keep a succulent alive. To sacrifice somebody to keep my desert flowers awake. And that's a hard joke for me to get through usually. It is because I have bad energy. I have bad energy. I know that about myself. I have bad energy. I know that about myself. I have bad energy. Multiple times people have been like to me. I thought you hated me when we met. I did. I still do. I got transparent bad energy. You know, I'm toxic. I'm toxic. But I'm not masculine. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. My toxicity has no masculinity. I'm not masculine. His guy came up to me at a barbecue. He didn't even introduce himself. He just said to me. He said, uh, you look like you take baths. No hand. No hand. Just you bathed. I wanted to be so mad. Like, no, I shower them. Take hot showers. This is new skin. My showers are so hot, I just shed in there. I wanted to be mad like that. But then I remembered like I love a bath. Ooh. Oh, damn. I candle my laptop on the toilet. Like a little TV stand. Like some Meps and Salt. Like I'll triple up. I watch a whole show. I'll watch all of the crown. I love the, I love the drama. I love the queen. But he was like, oh, they're comics. So he's like trying to make a joke. Like insinuate that I'm soft. You know. That's what he's doing. He's like, you got a weak spirit. That's why I took from that. You're soft. Yeah, I'm soft. I'm soft. Cause after I get out of the tub. I got a good skin care regimen. I got moisturizers and oils. They, they trapped the moisture. And I only tell you that to say that I have good skin. That's how you know my good person. You know. I got good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I got good skin. I'm toxic. I'm a good person. Cause I have a good skin. Good people have good skin. Good people have great skin. Somebody with a great skin, you're like, if you'd a charity work. Evil people. Awful skin. That's who a three and one shampoo conditioner body washes for. It's just for like an evil guy. So he can like shower quick. And then get back to harassing people. You know, that's how I know the insurrection smelled like old spice. Yeah, old spice, the scent of rebellion. But yeah, I'm a good person. I'm still not happy. Oh, I want to be happy. Maybe I just need money. Not a billion dollar, but some. How much money would you like a little more than what I have? I got one. I got one. They say the baseline for happiness is you're going to make like $85,000 a year. And then after that, it doesn't matter. But the baseline. 85 anything after it doesn't matter. That's what you need for. Peac happiness. And I just feel like I would be a lot happier if I didn't know that. Why do I have to know that? Is that before or after tax? Because either way it seems unachievable. Because I want money. Like I want to be a Republican so bad. But I'm fiscally liberal right now. I care about stuff because my fiscal situation. Fiscally I care. But I want to be a Republican. Like the evil kind, not the kind where you're like, I just ignore them. I'll be a evil evil kind. I want to like wake up in the morning and drink stem cells. You know, I'm pro life, but I got a wine cellar of stem cells. I want to be a hypocrite. I want to hypocrite money. I want to say that I'm all I was mad at. But really I just mean me. That's the kind of Republican I want to be. But I'm fiscally liberal. I always am like fighting off being Republican. It's just an inner battle I have to deal with every day. Which side of my arm? There's only two. Like I do think that everybody deserves to make like a decent living wage. Yeah, but I do think that people make $15 an hour now again. Really cocky. They need to be humbled. Because I paid with a $10 bill at a Popeyes and the cashier, he held it up to the light. He unfurled it into the light. I was like, why would you do this in front of everybody? Like we're bracket buddies. We're bracket buddy. We're in the same bracket. You're going to turn your back on your bracket buddy. You think I'm fleecing the Popeyes with fake tens? The change is 89 cents. What kind of long game do you think I'm playing? Who bears me like that? Not going to make so much money. I'm going to come back and I'm going to buy this franchise. And fire you in a dramatic fashion. You never turn your back on your bracket buddy again. But I do still think people decent living wage deserve that. Because of liberal. I'm going to pay with women making less. No, I just because they haven't been working as long. You got to put your time in. You don't have the seniority honey. And I'm sure some suffer jets were like, whoa, chill a minute. Can we just do part time? I still want to stay at home vacuum and take value. And nothing chills me out like a hum of a hoover. Or norm off the value. I've never had money though. I've never had a refrigerator that didn't sound like it wasn't struggling to breathe. Every fridge I've ever had just has a knife wound in it. And everything sweats immediately. Most of my life I could tell something tasted like fridge. I'm like, oh, this got a hint of kitchen eight on it. Best before you put it in. My friend was like, what were you doing to say? What are you doing to say? Are you investing? No. No, I'm not doing that. I'm just waiting. I just want to say I heard somebody say once that they came into some money. So that's kind of what I'm hoping is the case for me. I'm just not important. I'm not important. I'm not important enough to walk up an escalator. You know, like I stayed at the right. I don't have to be anywhere on time. I see people run up an escalator. I'm like, oh, that's a role model. That's a role model. He's late for hangout on Google right now. He's having Google hangouts. I never hung out on Google. I don't hang out there. I just zoom. But money's always going to be a problem under capitalism. It's not that too much information. I know about capitalism. Somebody knew stuff at me once and I was like, oh, I regurgitate that. I love the biggest capitalists in the world. I hate America. I hate America because I don't drink milk. The only people that love America, they love dairy. They love dairy. You'd be like, oh, can I get milk? They're like, oh, you're a domestic terrorist. We don't agree with your dairy alternative choices. I was at a diner. I saw old guy drinking like a tall glass of milk. I was like, oh, that's a patriot. That's what a patriot looks like. They love milk. They can't connect with their daughter. They got sleep apnea at this. I don't know what America is to me. I support the troops though. Yeah, I support it. I support the troops. I just don't support the surprise welcome home videos. So welcome home videos. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. Like, you're going all over there being all extra over there. Being all extra to come home and go viral with a video. Why don't you just learn editing skills, man. Going over there. Bauman hospitals. See, can come back and make a video. Wow, son, you're so big now. That's time I saw you. I hadn't even bombed a hospital yet. It's so good to see you, dude. You grow quick. I bombed like three hospitals. The ones that bothered me the most are the ones with the dogs. They're like, oh, look how happy. Look how happy my dog is to see me after all this time. You believe how happy my dog is? Are you sure? Are you sure about that? Because I've met some dogs. And they were new to me. And let me tell you, they were pretty excited. You think this dog thinks that I went to war? That's stupid. That's a stupid. You got a dumb dog. I will never step foot on a battlefield for a flag. You got a dumb dog. You better hope I don't get drafted, too. I'm going to give away my platoon's position with a vape pen. I'm going to get sniped in the head because I'm addicted to vape. They're going to be on the news like, also what was the downfall for your modern warfare? Oh, well, we're addicted to july. And the little lights gave us away. It was the little lights that did us. We tried to flank, but the lights. It was a massacre. And I'm from Canada. I don't even know if we have an army. I know we have a navy, but what's the avisides making soup on a boat? Which might be the most dangerous one, you know, depending on how rocky them waves are and how hot that soup is. Yeah, I was in the navy. You can tell by these third-degree burns. The clam chowder almost got me. The pea soup took my brother in arms. I do like being Canadian in America. That's cool. It's just like being in a really easy escape room. If you don't know what an escape room is, that's when you have so much privilege. You pay somebody to take it away. I have loads of privilege. I don't have to do this. I hate this team building exercise. But whenever somebody in America finds out from Canada, which is you tell them. No, he's guessing that everybody always says the same thing. They always say the same thing to you. And always like, oh, so you're free healthcare. You're free healthcare. They just say it. I was like, yeah, I guess that's not really what I was doing up there. I wasn't pushing that through parliament. Me and the Prime Minister were wearing cahoots on that one, but it's free. It's cheap. I don't know. It's a better system. So it's not funny. You have to explain that it's not funny. Like healthcare is funny in America. Because everybody's like, oh, it's bad. And then they're like, yeah, it's bad. And then that's the end of the conversation. That's what I think is funny blatantly ignoring a flaw. Like healthcare in America is so bad. That's where the Make a Wish Foundation was founded. That's funny. That's funny. They're like, good news, bad news. So your son is going to die. But we could get him a FaceTime with Anne Hathaway. Yeah, we got Anne Hathaway on the line. She's going to sing some lame-ins for Jaden. Hopefully that eases the pain of his stage for Mesothelioma. Yeah, Jaden's got the Mesothelioma bad at stage four. Only the musings of Anne Hathaway can help him now. Our bad. We didn't really consider many things. We don't have a system in place. I don't know about you guys though, but I feel like cancer should chill out. Should chill. Take it easy. Like just like especially with the big words. Like the big like just be cancer. We don't have a cure for you yet. Why you got to flex on us with these big words. You know, I'm a real big guy. Take it easy. We're killing us out there. Pancreatic sarcoma. Chill. Take it. Give me my grandparents back. Give them. Give them back. No, I lost my grandparents, young. I lost their grandparents last year. I lost my grandparents last year. I lost my grandparents last year. Are you in no more mortality? I'm in no more mortality. I do think about cancer all the time. Like every day. Every day I'm thinking about it. You know, because it could be you right now. You know, just in their dormit. Just in their shadows. Like you're in my prostate. Get out of here. I just got into that. Now you're in there. There's definitely not room for the both of us yet. You come back later when there's some more room. I'll forget my keys at home. I'll be halfway down the bar. Oh, no. That's the cancer. Creeping up for me. Now I'm forgetful. That's gotta be a symptom. You've ever tripped, like walking upstairs. And you're like, oh, God, I have a tumor. I have a tumor in it. It's malignant. I wish it was benign, but it's malignant. And I can't afford to see a doctor. I'm too old to see Anne. This system doesn't work for me. I just don't want to get old. Scares me. Get old to scary. I don't want to get old because I don't want hindsight. That seems like a curse. Like to look back on your life with perfect clarity and do that. Oh, yeah, I could have done things better easily. Oh, man, I made all the wrong choices. Hey, you're telling me all I had to do was tell the truth. Who knew? Who knew life would have been easier if I wasn't a pathological liar? You ever lie so hard you have to learn Cantonese? I was on Duolingo for like six weeks. Like, why did I tell people I was bilingual? I don't know how I'm gay at old. I don't want to do like classic white shit. I don't want to do classic white shit. Just like repress my feelings in a reclining chair. You know, you know the kind of chair where it's like, it's got the big handle. And it doesn't work the first time. I'm trying to live. Like a wood plash. I'm trying to be like healthy. Like trying to open up. Trying to open up. Being a healthy relationship, be opened up. That's good. Yeah, there's a couple of scum. It's good to be doing it. It's bad. How we got there. But it's good to be doing it. I love it. But sometimes I just wish that everybody I ever had sex with just died after. Like, it's just easier to be in mourning than it is to be open and vulnerable with you. And that joke is a defense mechanism. I was trying to take responsibility for my actions. We don't really do that anymore. We don't. Everybody's in therapy now, but nobody takes responsibility. Everybody's just like, oh yeah, my bad. I'm working on it, so I'm just... Yeah, it's just my demons, all right. My bad, I just got demons, so... It's not my fault. I got demons. I'm sorry, I cheated. I have demons. Well, you don't have demons. You are a demon. You need to re-strategize. People trusted you. And that's not anti-cheating sentiment. I think cheating is good. Makes your work harder. You don't do things you normally want to do. Ask things normally. How was your day? Cheating is good until you come. And then you're just left with regret. Just sit in on the edge of a bed, understanding what R&B really is. I don't know, R&B was in the cards for me. I didn't know I would ever relate to this. I was like, wow, rid of the man blues. I understand both now. And I've cheated. I've been cheated on, but I still don't think that's the biggest betrayal in life. I think the biggest betrayal in life is that the Q-tip is not actually for the ear. You're like, but it fits perfectly. They're like, don't put it in there. I'm gonna do it anyway. I gave these demons up. I need to put my speakers back in. If I've been trying to get rid of my demons, I've been so over for a while. I hate it. I hate being sober. Because you just remember everything. No vices, just your life up until now. Just remembering everything. And that's the only thing that's worse than forgetting. Just remembering. Just remembering. Oh my god, why is that still in there? I thought I would have disassociated by now. I remembered that I got into a revolving door with another man. Just sharing a great, just split in a quarter. I just said, I'm here too. And he turned and looked at me like, we're in a confined space right now. Why would you do this to us? So I don't know what I need, but I need to forget that. I don't know. I do know that I don't want to be with another person again. Like I'm good. I just don't like being with somebody for the first time. That's why. I just hate the first time with somebody else. You know, because you don't know each other. So you're like always feeling each other out. And so something always happens. Something always happens. I was with this girl once we're in her room. And she grabbed something off her bed. And she held it up. This is my blankie. She held it up. She was like, this is my blankie. This is my blankie from when I was a kid. She held it up like that. Like, make a bet. And I was sober. So I just in here forever. If I was drunk, I'd be like, I don't give a white myself off with it. Why do you have a blankie, miss? Put the blankie away. Put it in a box and then put it in the nook above the closet, where memories are supposed to go. Push those memories under the bed. I don't want to know you like that. Like I can't be with somebody like that. I can't. Like somebody that's got keepsakes from their childhood. You know, like they had a good childhood. That's not my type. I need somebody with trauma. You know, keep it excited with the trauma. That's why I think I exclusively date older women. You know, because they've been around longer and they're women. So it's more likely that something horrible has happened to them. And they have more flavor, like a cast iron. And I'm like, uh, don't use soap. I want to taste your upbringing. I want to taste weekends at devs. So brew it. Yeah, I got a cast iron during the pandemic. And then I applied my new knowledge of it to the only other thing I know. Pussy jokes. One of the only things I know. I do feel like the only thing I need to be happy is like no awareness. That's what I need. I need no awareness. That's what I need to be happy. Like you guys are probably all pretty aware, right? Yeah. And that's why you're unhappy. You know, but you take that you take that awareness away like life is easy. You just love Disney. You know, like you got frames with quotes in them. That's what I want. I want the simple life. I want to frame some quotes. I want to get my art from my key. Like I want no awareness. None of it. Like I want to get into a pyramid scheme early. You know, just be at the ground. Just build it up. And then just be at the top of the triangle just rope in my family. And acquaintances and then just reap the benefits of their financial ruin. And then at the end of the day, I call myself an entrepreneur. That's the lack of awareness I want. I want entrepreneur in my bio. With the code next to it for. 20% off. A product nobody's clicking on. I want to know awareness. I want no spatial awareness. I want to stand this close to you and align up and just. Just breathe on your neck and feel nothing. Your man for weeks. Somebody breath on me. I got no awareness. I'm breathing on everybody. I don't care. I got no awareness. I want to go back through a revolving door. I want to be a lingerer. I want to be a lingerer. I want to be a lingerer. Lingerer around. Float through. Life. Just have just linger in. Like I want to say goodbye to you at a party. And then you see me 10 minutes later. I thought you were leaving. I'm going to be a lingerer. I'm going to be a lingerer. I thought you were leaving. I don't really know what I'm doing. I just exist to be. I simply am. I want no, I'm a lingerer. I want no awareness. I want to trust companies. That's the lack of awareness. I want to be like all these companies. They're looking out for me. I'm the little guy. Like I want to retweet my bank. Like I genuinely want to give my bank a retweet. Like what you guys are doing on social media over the bank. I love it. It's killing it. All that gayshit during Pride Months. I trust that. That's cool. Does it see advantages and movements at all? I love that my bank is into social change. Thank you for the premium. I'm going to be a lingerer. I'm going to be a lingerer. I want to be a lingerer. I love that my bank is into social change. Thank you for the premiums. Why? I want to love the bank. Online banking. Inline banking. I want to be, at the bank. I love it. I want to love the bank. I want to put in necklaces on the banks. I love it. I love the bank. The pens got beads on them. I want to be like that. But I'm not. Like, I don't trust companies. I don't trust corporations. I don't trust the government. That's why I never use the same signature twice. I go, I don't want to give them anything consistent. Catch me in bellybutton if you can. I don't even trust the Girl Scouts anymore. I don't trust the Girl Scouts. They lost me. Girl Scouts of the Girl Scouts cookie? I'm done with them. I don't trust that. And because when Amy Coney Barrett was nominated to the Supreme Court, she had right-wing justice. She's pro-life. The Girl Scouts, they congratulated her. They congratulated her publicly. They were like, yes, queen. Break the glass ceiling. That's what they said publicly. Which I've always felt like that's a weird architectural design. Like the glass ceiling. Like, is a ceiling? It's not even the roof. So you're just breaking through to another level of misogyny? That. That seems like a bad but-but-but-that's women's plan. I don't speak for women. I don't speak for women. You guys keep doing the damn thing. I'm so proud of you. You're killing it right now. But Girl Scouts, they congratulated Amy Coney Barrett. I was like, wow, that's crazy. Girl Scouts doesn't believe in a woman's right to choose. That's what I thought their whole thing was. I thought they're out here scouting choices. But apparently not. Apparently not. Then I sat on it for a while, because I was so mad. I was so pissed at the Girl Scouts. They let me down and I was so mad. And then it started to make sense. I was like, it makes sense that they would congratulate her. Because if we keep having these abortions, who is going to sell these cookies? Who is going to do it? Because I'm not going to buy a cookie for some old lady. It's like all day there. I won't buy a cookie for them right now. So I understand Girl Scouts' nuance take on abortion. We are killing their employees. Cookie sales is a fickle business. There can be a lot more Girl Scouts in Texas. I won't make the laws. I just have the information. I don't want to have it. That's why I feel so bad all the time. I also feel like I've been depressed just because nobody's told me a secret in a while. You know, I just need a good secret to keep me going. Just need a good secret. Because anybody ever told you something, you're like, oh, I'm a little bit forever. I'm a little bit forever. You're a demon, but I'm going to live forever. I need something evil, you know. Something that could ruin a family. That's the kind of secret I need. Something that could fuck up a will. That's when I need to keep my heart pumping. But no matter how bad my mental health gets, it'll always be better than somebody that drives a truck. I'm going to have to be a little bit more patient because I'm going to have to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to have to be a little bit more patient. Like a Ford F-150. I just feel like those are the least introspective people on the planet. Least introspective people on the planet. Because every time they get out of the truck, every time they get out of the truck, they tuck the mirror in. They tuck it in. And reflect. Maybe you're the reason your family doesn't talk to you. You know, it's not gas prices. The government. It's just who you are. Because people that drive trucks, they're always so mad about the gas. They're always so mad about the gas. But it's like, well, you drive the largest recreational vehicle available. If you just knew who you were and drove a Chevy Volt, you wouldn't have that problem. People would still come home and say, thank you for giving. And if you didn't eat all that gas, then they never would have taken down the towers. What? You got to consider all things. Thank you. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive.
Our next guest is a fantastic comedian. You may know her from her wonderful podcast, Self Help List. Please welcome, Kelsey Cook. Whoo! Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Whoo! Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hi, guys. I'm so happy to be here. Something cool just happened to me. I actually just got married. Yes! Yes! Oh, my God. Thank you. My husband's also a comedian, so our wedding budget was $42. So nice. It's great to finally find that person, though, because dating's exhausting, right? Guys are like hairstyles in your 20s. You try a bunch of different ones. And by your 30s, you're like, oh, this is the one I'll be buried with. Just get some soccer mom bangs and call it a day. I'm tired. My husband's been sober for two years, which is great. Oh, great. Thanks. It's awesome. But if you take the AA quiz, it makes everybody sound like they have a drinking problem. The first question is, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood? Is there any other reason to drink alcohol? Like, no, I'm in it for the acne and diarrhea. The second question is, after consuming alcohol, have you ever done something you've regretted? Do you mean literally every time? Have I had alcohol? Who's getting drunk and doing the Lord's work? I've never had five margaritas. I've been like, all right, time to donate blood. I've got to pass this party to someone in need. My biggest regrets stem from alcohol. I used to take shots of gin and chase them with a deli meat. Yeah. You know your white trash when your cocktails involve ham. But if you're broke, you form weird habits like that. Like, if you don't have a dishwasher, are you trying cookies in as few dishes as possible? I don't know if you guys do this. Like, if you want banana on your cereal, but you don't want to get a knife dirty, do you ever just tear pieces off with your teeth and then... LAUGHTER Ah, some of you did that today. I didn't even know that was weird until my husband caught me doing it. And was like, are you mama-burning yourself? LAUGHTER We're poor and not amish. Please stop. Get some help. I keep trying to get him to go do a couple's massage with me, and he refuses. And I think it's gonna be great guys to get a little weird about massages, because if you get a female masseuse, you're worried you'll get turned on. And if you get a male masseuse, you're really worried you'll get turned on. LAUGHTER Like, well, came here to relax. Now I got questions for myself. LAUGHTER Shoot. LAUGHTER I've learned I get turned on every massage regardless of who is doing it. I'm so creepy. Like, I love when you go and they massage your hand. I always just want to slowly close my fingers. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER I'm just whisper, I need this one. LAUGHTER I'm really ruined the hour for both of us. We really want to see the play Hamilton, but tickets are too expensive. But I found out that people have been uploading the play onto Pornhub. Yeah, I swear it was in the news. People are sneaking it online that way. They're calling it Hamilton. LAUGHTER Beautiful. I just hope that some meathead guy out there, like, cracked open his laptop, feeling horny, clicked on that link, and then 20 minutes in was just like... LAUGHTER LAUGHTER I thought a character development. LAUGHTER Where are all the boobies? LAUGHTER My friend Brad actually told me that my celebrity lookalike is this porn star named Jesse Rogers. So I googled her, and the first picture that popped up was her doing hardcore anal. LAUGHTER And I got a little creeped out, realizing that my friend Brad saw that and thought... LAUGHTER You know who this reminds me of. LAUGHTER Old gaping butthole, Kelserue. LAUGHTER Yeah, old back door cook, look at her go. LAUGHTER A plus. That's the hell, Brad. I am starting to worry a little bit about the passion in my relationship, because my husband just called me Bud. Yeah. It's not a good sign. My stomach hurt, and I groaned, and he was like, Hey, how are you feeling, Bud? LAUGHTER Uh, worse. Now that I became your son... LAUGHTER It really bothered me like I could not stop thinking about it, so, uh, the next time that we had sex. LAUGHTER Right, as he was about to finish, I whispered in his ear, Make it a good one, chief. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER LAUGHTER Yeah, I have never seen a man hate an orgasm before. LAUGHTER All right, I'm Kelsieka. You guys have been so good. CHEERING
What's your hands together for Dan Stoner? One more. How are you guys? All right, I believe it. Good to be in Boston. I'm just trying to get punched in the face later. That's all I want. That's all I want. This one has a good scent. The not-get-punch-in-the-face by some guy named Sully. That's all I want. You want a comedian tag? You're funny. How f**king you. Bram! It's a good night. It was a good night till that happened. Let you guys know about my backstory. I am the product of a single parent. I don't think you're supposed to woo at that. I don't think that's a wooable thing. Hey, my husband left me. Woo! I was just saying whenever it's said in a bitchy tone like that, it always means single mom. Always. Because no one complains about being raised by a single dad. You can't. It looks so much fun. Playboys all over the house. You could eat waffles for dinner. Watch rated art movies on a school night. You're basically just like a mini-wing man the whole time. That's all you want. Your dad takes you out of happy hours. He's like, hey, do something cute. So pops can get some strange. Good idea, old man. Good idea. I was raised by a single mom, which basically made me a f**king f**king f**king footsie pajamas. That's what I was. I took a lot of dick away from that lady in the 80s, and I feel bad. It's the grossest sense I've ever said in my life. It's a hard film topology. I mean it. I didn't know what dating was. It was five of my mom started dating. Some guy would come over and say cool, a new roommate. Don't touch my sh**. By the time I was seven, I was like a grizzled vet. I was the one answering the door, smoking a Winston. I was just all confident like, what's up, chief? You're here for the old lady? Right on. Quick secret. You buy me an interturtle toy. I'll go get lost in that garage for an hour. Get you some alone time. She loves red wine. She still does. It's a delicious drink. I used to raise my single mom out of deal with babysitters a lot. Which was fun for the most part. Except once. My mom let this teenager in my neighborhood name Darren watch me. Oh, don't worry. He didn't f**k. It's not one of those stories. I wouldn't do that to you guys. It's a nice night out. I'm not trying to take it all one man showy. Dim the lights and sit on a stool. That's when I lost feelings. Darren decided it was a good idea to let me at eight years old watch Stephen King's it. Yeah, he brainwraped me. That's why you can't let an eight year old with an active imagination watch a Stephen King movie. I just thought it was real. I just thought that happened to people. I was like, oh, shit. Apparently there's a clown that can turn into a spider. All right. You're going to have to look after that for the rest of my life. That will be terrifying me to the point that I would not leave my bedroom at night for three months. What I'm trying to tell you half drunk studio audience is for three months when I was eight years old. I peed in the heating vent to my own bedroom. I'm sort of war criminal. I just pulled my dick Tracy pajamas down. I was like, the bad man's in the hall. I'm not embarrassed by that. I'm not. I'm more ashamed of the fact that I thought I was going to get away with it. Because I did it in the spring. Forgot. I think most of you know where this is going. I think I'd chill in the house. My mom turned on the heat and my room smelled like a bus stop in the middle of July. Just stank like hot piss constantly. Even the point my mom was like, what the f*** is that smell? You're a homeless man living in your closet? No mom. You want to know what that smell is? It's the smell of fear and irresponsible parent- egg. Do some background checks. I'm 29 now. Not for the sake of the joke. I'm actually 29 at this moment. Which sucks. 29 sucks. No one tells you what's going to suck. People in their 30s and 40s complain. They should. Because their lives are almost over. Just go ahead and die. I need walking room. All right. No. You shouldn't applaud. That's everyone in their 20s is like, f*** you. You dick. 29 sucks because 29 is the end of fun without being judged for it. At 29 you and your fun friends stop partying and start having addictions. That's what I call it. Can't get drunk on a Monday without raising some eyebrows. Oh shit. It's just weird to me that things that in my early 20s that used to make me cool now make people nervous. I used to get drunk before class in college and I was like, this guy is f***ing awesome. He's hammered before intro to Roman lit. That's an 8am class. Now if I could drunk before work everyone's like, hey. Are you cool? You need to talk? No, I'm still awesome. No, no you're not. You're almost homeless. I think drinking is, I know drinking is, if you do it too much it is a bad thing. But at also at the same time it's a good thing. I think you understand life better if you get shit faced all the time. Everyone that class will be in a program. And in here. Programs. Finding God, getting chips. I'm just saying I understand a lot of things better because I'm a hard drinker. Like homelessness. I get it. I get it now. When I was a kid and I saw homeless people I was just like, why are you outside? Go inside. But now that I've been a booze bag for 12 years, every time I see a homeless person I'm just like, oh man. You were probably so much fun 10 years ago. Here's a quarter for your Kickstarter. Is it mean now? Kind of. And I'm single at 29, which sucks. I know really guy. That's the voice of the saddest man in the world. It's like someone brought it up. Someone else. Like I know why I'm single because I always dress like I'm in a Pearl Jam cover band. What's up everybody? Thank you for coming out. We are Jeremy. It sucks being single at 29 because it's like, which way do I go? Do I go older or younger? Like I know 18 to 22. I know that's done. I can't fight in that weight class anymore. I can't compete. 18 to 22 year old girls live different lives. They get things for being young and hot. They're like, I want to be on a boat. They're on a boat. Like that should just happen. Just manifest. What's France like? And they live there for three months rent paid. Very frustrating. I think I'm at a different stage in my life. I think right now I'd rather just try to bang a 47 year old mother of three. They could tell me what zeppelines like live. Like that's what I want. Stories. History. I like older women. You can talk to older women. You can have deep conversations with older women. You can't talk to young girls. They changed language. They f*** up the English language. They started abbreviating all of their words. It's a real thing now. I heard a girl once go, oh, that's delish. Where's the rest of that word? You know, confusing that is to be at a bar, having a decent conversation with a girl. She randomly turns to her friend and she's like, I just got back from VK. It was totes ab-fab. What? Did you have a brain injury? Why are you talking like that? If that girl keeps that up 20 years from now, all of her conversations are going to be like, that's a fa, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. So, how? And by the way, that is just me doing job of the hut in a bimbo voice. He does the harnawa soror, that's all that is. I understand, like, older women are easy to approach. They're better to hang out with, they have no ego. That's the best thing. All the women are like, hey, what's up, junior? Hey, how are you? You want to f***ing? Yeah, that'd be awesome. Young women have too much ego, because they get hit all the time by douchebags. So, they have to build up that ego, it's like a deterrent system. Like, I've seen it. Like, young, beautiful women walking around bars bragging about negative personality aspects. Just walking around like, look out for me, I'm a b***g. I'm such a b***g. And every guy's like, yeah, of course you are. You're young and hot. You get thirsty? Probably get thirsty being a b***g. It's a luxury older women don't have. You can't be 44 and frumpy. Walking around like, I'm such a b***g. I'm a b***g. No lady, you're alone, that's what you are. That's why you're getting hammered in a bowling alley. That's why I'm hitting on you. You're the weakest gazelle. A living Queen's, New York. Alright, let's calm down. It's affordable. Six weeks ago, I spotted a hipster. If you don't know about hipsters, what they are is they're the human version of bedbugs. If you see one, there's probably 40 more under your bed judging your music. A lot of people hate hipsters. I don't. I respect them. Because they move into the most dangerous neighborhoods. And force everybody out. Some gangster shit. It's actually just white people being white people. We've been doing it for centuries. They're even starting to look like old Spanish conquistadors, who are dumb moustaches. Next thing you know, they're starting wearing those metal helmets carrying swords. And the Duke of the Housing Projects. Glue them free cupcakes forever and ever. Bring me the first Strokes album. On Final. I just don't want them messing up my neighborhood. I love my neighborhood. I have my favorite barbecue restaurant. I go there all the time. I go to the neighborhood hipsters and change that. I'm afraid one day I'm going to go in and try to get some barbecue. Behind the counter is going to be some kid in skinny jeans. Bloody holly glasses. Wear a scarf even though it's August. He's going to take one look at me. We don't serve barbecue here anymore. All we serve is kale. Kale cakes. Kale shakes. And our waiters are cats. And we just put trays on their backs. So if you want to order and put some catnip down, you're in Mr. Nibbles' section. It's rescue. Welcome to kittens and kale. Just don't like pretentious people. If you have a cause good for you but don't be pretentious about it, I read a news article recently about a group of animal rights activists that went and protested a makeup factory because they said that this factory was testing makeup on animals which is f***ing hilarious. Are you serious? Someone gets paid to put lips. They're going to chimp. Sign me up right now. A quick comedy. Or a hundred hours a week. You let me smoke weed at lunch? I won't even join a union. I'm going to get a job. Chuckle and collect my check. Why would you protest factory workers? Those guys don't make the decisions. They hate their job. And on top of that they have to explain their job to their friends. Having a beer after work and it was like, what's wrong? Tough day? We tried the new Midnight Plum Mask Air on a chicken. I don't think she liked the way she looked. It's going to be a long week and red line. Everyone's got causes. Maybe I am just a hunk of shit. I just personally believe that I feel guilty. I feel like we're ruining everything. If you're under 30, you and I are slowly ruining everything. That's the part of the problem. They applaud when you say shit like that. You're a f**king world. We ruin the tattoo. We ruined it. If you're a white guy under 25 and you're covered in tattoos, I'm probably not afraid of you. That's not how that's supposed to work. If you're over 70 and you have tattoos, I'm f**king terrified of you. That's the old man with a faded anchor on his forearm. That man's watched death. Telling me I'm supposed to be afraid of some 19-year-olds. Armed, covered in seaweed tattoos. Taking an hour to explain what's on his body. Well, life's a journey. And that's why I have a coy fish. Because it symbolizes peace. Shut up Caleb. No one cares. You're a barista. Not a member of the Yakuza. Been waiting a half hour for this coffee. That might have happened too. My generation removed all the threatening elements of tattoos. When I see old people with tattoos, I immediately think of threatening things. This old man has been to war or prison. I see a young person with tattoos and I'm like, I don't know. You're probably a vegan. Maybe a freelance blogger. You were definitely in a failed band. That I know for sure. This is weird. I feel like we feel we're so important and yet we turn around and treat older generations in this country awful. We do. We blatantly disrespect our elders because they can't keep up with our technology. We've all this brand new technology in the last 10 years. They don't know how to use it. So we talk shit right to their face. You don't have a Gmail account, Grandma. How do you not have a Gmail account? I was born during the Great Depression. I remember when straws were invented. My man can't turn on an iPad. Man, how can you not turn on an iPad? Hey kid, are you still a f***ing guy that killed Nazis? I'm pretty sure my vagina changed history. Man, it's feel like, you know, everything's getting shittier, kids, their musical tastes. I just want to hear a bunch of beeps and boops now. I can't get down with that music. I like music because music makes me think about my life. It makes me reflect. It's always been that way. First song that ever made me do that was Michael Jackson's Man in the Mirror. Yeah, it should. It's an unbelievable song. Problem is, the first time I heard that song, I was five years old. It's a weird age to be reflective. Just sitting in the backyard watching the sun go down like, ah, get your shit together kid. You're a half a decade old. Can't go to sleep without a night light. You don't even know your own address. My mom walks in the backyard, she's like, Dan, what are you doing? What am I doing? What are we doing, Trish? You're renting. Why don't you pull your shit together? I'll be in the sandbox thinking of options. Thank you guys very much. You guys were all beautiful. Thank you. Thank you.
He's from Chicago, Illinois, and Stan like mother-fucking-coffee. Stan like mother-fucking-coffee. Give it up for my man, Bernie Mack. I ain't scared of you, motherfuckers. I'm gonna tell you some straight-up, the motherfucking press. I ain't coming for no foolishness. And New York got Demi-yaw motherfucking-one look good. Y'all like a bigoted egg sandwich look good. But I love sex. I love it. King through shit no more. And I'm blessed. I'm big boned. I'm heavy structure. I'm hung low. If I pull my shit out this whole room, get dark. Kick it! You don't understand. I ain't scared of you, motherfuckers. I love sex, man. I love it by the pound. I beg of them to put that shit in cans. Can you imagine sex in cans? I'm gonna be sharp lifting the shit. Those be playing ball, man. They know what you can really do, man. I'm time to give Mr. Specker put some going in. Kick it! You don't understand. You don't understand. I ain't scared of you, motherfuckers. Women just do anything until you talk to any kind of way you want to talk to some bad. It don't make no more fucking sense. I'm at a bar mine in my business. Cool enough just being cool. Like I am. Chillin', woman on callin' me. This you that you got in the face, why do you say, Mac, I said, yeah, that's my name. It's like an answer to questions, I said, yeah. She says this pussy tastes like pumpkin pie. Made me mad, I said, I always went all damn question like, I never had no pumpkin pie. Kick it! You don't understand. You got to chill. Tired of your shit. I ain't scared of you, motherfuckers. When you make love to a black woman, tell you how you do it, you got to be good. I'm not talkin' about myself. Cause you know a fucking number 50 pumps. Countless you ain't got none to do. It ain't number five minutes, but the full play make it singin' lower. But you get a one-man black woman man, I'm gonna tell you somethin'. I don't care how I make that woman is, how soft spoken she is. If you give it her, the dick. Whatever wrong with you she gonna let you know. You can have a patch on your eye, your leg can be broke. If you get up that she belates. Woo! Shit! You patch out, motherfuckers. You broke ladies and I'm a bitch. You know you ain't never gonna fuck a kick out. Yeah! You don't understand, I got that. And you know what's funny when you make love to a woman and she on top. And the phone ring, that's the funnest shit. Well, she on the phone ring, man. Every time she, you know the phone ring, we're gonna go, ring, ring. You get cool and shit. Ring, baby don't answer. Ring, I gotta answer. Ring, oh baby don't answer. Ring, it might be a job. Ring. And every time you know she just pick up the phone stop fiddle-fallin' with you know. Well, she pick up every time she's on the talk. Give her the dick. She'd be like, eh, eh, no. Ooh, ooh, what, what, what? But, oh, what I'm doing. This one you get, what I'm doing. So, nah. But I love my black people. I'm gonna tell you something, but we gotta stop the violence, we gotta vote. Stop the violence and vote. Cause I did the show in Chicago. I mean, stop this violence. I'll do the Chicago, I did the show for Cook County, jail. And you know, over 40% of the brothers in jail for nothing. And they had a little serving, little panel thing. We gotta ask them, they make questions, you know what I'm saying? Man, I said, uh, hey, my brother, what's your info? He said nothing. But he got this thing about being a punk. What is a punk? I never did understand that for the sake of my life. He said nothing. That's how long you're here for. He said ever. Now, you don't for long time, you take the four of them, or fuck. I said, man, I said, so what you here for? I didn't, you know, I ain't no punk. I didn't tell him my boy. I said, what you in jail for? No, motherfucker. No, you ain't no punk. You're a new food. Because I'll be dead by some time for any of you, motherfucker. I'll be in court just like this. Just like who you are, be like punk. You know, he killed that motherfucker. Shout out to the hair full time. Keep them in the face. I try to call you, but the lab was busy. I'm Bernie MacRimmart here. Who would I get drunk fucking fuck off if I met you? Again. "...and... If... ...quez... ...or edits the video, the lines for a straight lead story. But you don't? Yeah but it didn't happen. But if Kamemura!></p could do something like that! ...skittering one of our gay brothers as if they were looking invisible. And... Maybe you're not a serial publishing house. Well it's an action. B'le my m-b'le pay l br'
From New York City, Comedy Central presents Laura Keiklicker Come on, this old... You know, I would, honestly, I'd like to make a meaningful connection with you tonight. By meaningful, I mean, does anyone have weed? Alright, I'll see you later. Actually, my objective tonight is to make a connection with you in between commercial breaks. And this is how I'm planning on doing it. I thought I would just be honest and show you what I look like. This is me. This is how I look without makeup or skin or muscle tissue. And I know some of you guys are probably saying, that's not bad. I actually prefer the natural skulls to the real hard fake ones. And for that, I thank you. I guess, you know, I'm really, despite what this might look like, I'm not a big drinker. But I think, you know, you've got to admit, today was a perfect day to stay inside and drink. I mean, it wasn't any... And yesterday was even better. This past decade, you know, we couldn't have asked for better drinking weather. In fact, according to the drinker's almond act, this is the best political climate for drinking since 1825, which coincidentally was the last time we had the son of a former president in office. It was John Adams's son, John Quincy, or Q, as they called him. And I just think, you know, by electing... Just to me, you know, electing W proves that Americans are suckers for family businesses, no matter how dysfunctional or incompetent. You know, Bush and Son, leading America to war since 1990. Yeah. Feels right. Just feels good. Whenever Republicans are in office, you see the word, Sodomy, in the newspaper. Personally, I've never been interested in backdoor sex. You know why? Because it's all I can do to keep the front entrance nice for company. I am. You know, sweeping the walk, trimming the hedge. And I'm one of these women. I keep the Christmas lights up on my snitch all year round. And you know, it's because, you know, what if people are in from out of town? You know, there aren't lights anywhere else in my body. Actually, my boyfriend and I, this was kind of a... My girlfriend and I? My girlfriend and I were talking about getting married. No, I do have a boyfriend. Yeah. I've got a boyfriend at home and one on the way. We were talking about getting married. And you know what? Really, I don't know why I want to. I'm not, you know, sentimental or religious or even straight. But I just... Yeah, I think for me, there's just... You know, it would mean something to be able to call friends and relatives and say, it's official. You know, we can start referring to it as spousal abuse. I want to really share something with you tonight. You know, a lot of people think what I do is difficult. And at the risk of ruining my own mistake, I'm going to just break it down for you. I'm going to share with you the first three steps of my patented system of comedy, of how to be a stand-up called 10 Steps to Funny. And this is how you can all be a stand-up if you want to. I'm just going to show you how you do it. Okay, now first of all, this is what I do. Step number one is mental preparation. And what I do before I hit the stage, I concentrate on the obvious similarities between stand-up and sex. So, okay, the mic is shaped like a penis. Now, when I come out here and I take the mic, it's like grabbing a penis. And for the first few seconds, you know, I feel sexy and in control. And then that feeling is quickly replaced by, I f***ed, how long is this going to take? Um... Step two. Telling jokes. You know, people say to me, Laura, I'm not only humorless. I'm dumb too. Now, how am I going to come up with something funny to say? Well, guess what? You don't have to. Because remember, if it sounds funny, it is funny. Now, I've been doing stand-up for over a decade, and I've written four, maybe five jokes. Because... I want... You know what? Why bust a nut when you have something called a newspaper? Thanks. You just pick up a newspaper, find a headline, and riff on it. Okay, see what we've got. Alright, for example. Alright, Iraq has not provided accurate information on short-range rocket. Tell me about it. Am I right, ladies? They think three inches is this, okay? What are we going to do with these guys, ladies? Okay, and you check in with the ladies and the men in the audience. That's what you do. Bush doesn't deliver. This one does. Pipe me hot. To your front door in 30 minutes or the pie's on me. See? See how simple it is? You just take something in your riff on it. Now, what if you're not interested in current events? Then what? Step three. You use the audience. You make them laugh at themselves. Okay? Alright, here we go. So, how many white people we have in the audience tonight? Do you like people? White people are different. Now, you guys are cool. You're cool, but and you're friendly until I'm standing behind you in the ATM line, then you're all like, thinking I'm going to be robbing you and stealing your s**t. In the punching bag. I ate them You know, my mom, she plays this torture as a game with me. She calls me on the phone. She calls me on the phone and she tells me she saw a movie and she doesn't know the name of the movie or anyone in it. And so she starts with, while we saw a movie last night with what's her face, I'm like, mom, don't please, I'm begging you, don't. Everyone thinks she's pretty, but I don't think she's so pretty. I think she's got a horsey face. I don't know. Sarah Jessica Parker. No, no, it's the one with all the teeth. Julia Roberts. Yeah, so she falls in love with this guy. Oh, mom, you know, that could be anybody. No, it's the guy, you know, the guy with the accent. Hugh Grant. Yeah, yeah. Okay, okay, and then I have to do this to kind of like wrap it up a moment. Okay, you know what? I know what you saw. I think I saw this movie myself. This is the one where Julia puts her hand in a bowl of bacon grease and then she fists Hugh Grant. She says, I don't remember that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you saw pretty runaway fist. That's what you saw. No, I don't think that was it. Yes, it was. And then she keeps going, you know what? You know what we were going to see, but it was sold out. Mom, can you hold on two seconds? Just, I just want to see if this rope is going to be strong enough to hold me. Yeah, I'm sorry, go on. What were you going to see, but it was sold out. We were going to see. And she goes on, you know what we were going to see? We were going to go see the movie with that girl that everybody thinks is really cute, but I don't think she's that cute. I have no idea. Well, she's really plain looking. Actually, she kind of looks like you. Sandra Bullock. Yeah, and then she falls for this guy, you know, and he's got an accent. Oh, Christ, mom, it's Hugh Grant. It's always Hugh Grant. It's always going to be Hugh Grant. No matter what you're seeing, no matter what you do, it's Hugh Grant. Ma, are you, it's break, ma, or... And ma... I don't pretend that the phone's going out when I'm talking to my mother. I really don't. Okay, sometimes I do. But I do that as one thing I really like about cell phones is I can't... Me? Can you... That's f***ing given away a big secret now. Now I can't do that anymore, probably. But I probably will. I'm very close to my mother. And well, in fact, I slept with my mother until I was nine years old. And I, yeah, I mean, it was okay for the first few years, and then I don't know what happened. It just, you know, I just couldn't do it anymore. Just sleeping with the same woman night after night, boring. I guess I, you know, I'm not, I'm not pro-family, I'll be honest. I seem like the warm snuggly pro-family type, but I'm not. And I don't understand why people procreate when there are kids here already who need to be exploited, ignored and abused. What about these kids? But I'll tell you something. You know what really chaps my ass? Are the people who take fertility drugs? You know, and when you see them interviewed, they say, it's a blessing. God wanted us to have eight healthy two-pound babies. Well, I say, what about when they weren't able to have kids in the first place? How could God be any clearer than that? You know, that was a sign from God that your particular line is one that he's trying to phase out. And you know, instead of letting him cut his losses, you take a pill and begin the genetic freak show. And you know, when I hear about women giving birth to five kids or more, I can't even wrap my head around it. I just imagine that there's a woman somewhere lying in a garage on a towel, you know, with the babies crawling all over, trying to get at one of her eight nipples. You know, and friends and neighbors, you know, stop by, take a peak and inevitably, you know, a kid will beg his mother, mom, can I have one, please, please, can I have one? I promise I'll take care of it. I promise I'll take care of it. Oh, you say that now, but I know damn well. I'll be the one that winds up breastfeeding it. I'll take on a semi-serious note. You know, the women in Afghanistan still aren't safe, and I find that very upsetting. And you know, the basic things that we take for granted, like reading a book, can cost a woman over their her life. And that's why it's so important to choose the right book. I, you know, listen, I know, look, I'm only one woman, but if I could send a message to the brave Afghani women it'd be, if you read only one book before a religious nut throws acid in your face, make sure it's Elizabeth Taylor, my love affair with jewelry. You know, come on. It's very empowering. And women need to hear it, you know, women need to. I had a massage a couple of days ago and it still hurts, like my neck hurts and my back hurts. And I was just like, God, I hope it was a massage. If it wasn't then, it was the most embarrassing fight I've ever been in. You know what I enjoy, since it's just us? I like baseball movies. I mean, what is it? You know, we think about it. What is it about a sucky underdog team training hard and then winning five minutes before the end of a movie that just never gets old? You know, it's a delight again and again. Because America loves an underdog. They love surprisingly agile, you know, fairly attractive f***, like gump. That's what we love. So I decided to make some money this year and I'm going to write a screenplay combining these two concepts. Hopefully it'll be the feel good movie to end all feel good movies as if that could happen. But it's about a f*** baseball team who are the laughing stock of the league until a boozy coach teaches them everything he knows. Then the team miraculously comes from out of nowhere to win the championship and it's called nobody's out. Looks for you. I don't fare very well with humans. You know, and even when I put, you know, when I put forth the effort, it's still sort of backfires, blows up my face. I was, my way to a deli and I was just picking up an order because I'm a big TV writer now and I've got a lot of cash. I was picking up an order and I'm on my way in. A street person said to me, may have some change and I said, yeah, I'll get you on the way out because all I had was a 20 to pick up this sandwich. So I go in, I get my order and I come back out and I give the guy the change and he said, oh, I thought you were going to give me a sandwich. And I said, oh, I thought you'd want the money for alcohol. Well, I guess we both let each other down tonight. I was reading an article about a family who lived on the money that they made from harvesting wheat. And I would say because, you know, when there was a drought and they couldn't afford to eat, they were forced to beg their neighbors for food. Just then as I'm finishing the article, I get a call from the tile store. Find out these tiles from my bathroom that were imported from Italy that there were going to be a couple of days late and I was thinking, oh, my God, two days late is going to throw off everything that I'd plan for in the house. Maybe the terrorists won after all. I'm getting all these clothes. And then I thought, wait a minute, I'm just like that family. You know, I mean, they've got their wheat crap and I've got my tile crap. You know, we all go through our stuff. You know, it's just like no matter who you are or where you live, you're going to have hardship, you know. It's just part of being human. Really. Thank you very much. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night. Good night.
I don't know, man, but I do. I love my family, man. I come from a great family, man. I love their wonderful people. I just, have you ever been on one of those family vacations that sounded really good until you got on the vacation? And it's a shit show. Has anybody been on a cruise? Has anybody ever been on a cruise? Royal Caribbean, go fuck yourself, man. I got dudes. Have you seen the commercials? Holy crap. Hot girls at Bikini stiving in the pools. Well, we hate kids playing on deck. Happy, good-looking people interacting with each other. None of those people are on my boat. There were 5,000 people with 75% body fat. Strafted divas handles look like they're baking bread right there on their feet. With little corn chips dangling off the end. Feel my pain, feel it. And they're just fucking sweating across the deck every day. You know where they're going? They've got damn buffet. That's all anybody who does his eat on these phones. 24-7, man. I walked into the gym. Ghost town. There's dust on the treadmill. But every fat ass in America ran into Scooter right around the top of that ship. Looks like NASCAR on the Saturday. Eight days. Eight fucking days. Oh, and there's this one guy, man. I love this guy, man. His name was Bubba. Bubba, shit, you know. Bubba from Arkansas. Bubba was about 5,6,380. Or cargo shorts stuffed with Reese's in case of an emergency. My brother and I would wake up in the morning to watch him eat at the buffet. He would stack a plate like an art form. He would have scrambled eggs as a foundation. He would put egg rolls as little columns all around it. Put pizza on top of that, like ice cream and everything. And then he'd put a diet coke under his arm. Bubba, you got 82,000 calories there. Drink the fucking coke, man. If people always say, don't worry about the room. Don't spend your money on the room. Just talk to you. Spend every nickel you ever earned. Spend your kids college fun on that fucking room. Get something with the window or a balcony. I was in one of those holding cells on the inside of the boat. Four by six room two cups. Orch jumpsuit hanging in the closet. And there was a drain in the middle of the room. And to God I thought that's where you peed the first three days I was there. Did he find the bathroom? This fucking closet tucked behind a door. I'm shit like this for five days. Oh my God. And you start to hate people. You hate people. You see the same faces every day. You're like if I see you up by my door one more time I'll stab you in the fucking neck. I swear to God I will. I'll burn those lower than flies. Can't you drag around this boat? That's why they have short scursions. If you don't know what short scursions are, they're time out. So we all don't shiv each other on this goddamn boat. We went to Mexico. What a shit hole this place is. Mexicans I get it now run jump swim. Get the fuck out of that place man. It's stitties. And we were in Cosmelle which is the French Riviera this dust bowl of a country. And what they do man is you're sitting in your room. And they have these little bitty TVs and they play these subliminal messages over and over to get you to go on these short scursions. Like you're just sitting there all day long it's like do you want to go to the store and clean it back to come? Like I'm tomorrow because I'm going to make it back to come. Ooh you should go to the store and make it back to come. My brother and I are sitting there going do anything to get off this fucking boat. What do we got to do? This was the commercial a swear to God word for word. I memorized it. It must have played a thousand times. Are you ready to go strong Lincoln Mexico? You'll be picked up on a 50 foot camera. If you sail across blue waters you'll have a boat's coral reef swim with pretty tropical fish. That's not what happened. No. Five Mexican guys with an Australian accent. Big us up on a 10 foot trash bar. That's all I can call it. It looked like the POW ship from Waterworld. Remember that fucking thing? And I'm picturing this beautiful island and everything. We're 10 feet away from the cruise ship. They lower drawbridge just start fucking kick the fuck. We're out there swimming through diesel fuel. The water looked like the bottom of a dumpster after Marty broke. There's no fish living in this water. You couldn't see a reef if it was in front of your face. I saw like a half eaten box of adult diapers and a bunch of chicklets floating in the water. Oh! And then we went to Jamaica. Oh dear, what a wonderful place that is. If you're a criminal, they got four year olds with glocks tucked in their diapers. Man, smoke and cigarettes. Fuck yeah. We had this couple man. We had this old couple that stayed next door to me and my brother. They were so nice man. They must have been on a thousand cruises. And every time we would stop somewhere they'd come over like Julie Cruz director, knock on the door and tell us what we had to do. So we went to Jamaica and they're like, oh my god, court. We are in Jamaica. You have got to go kiss the dolphins. It's only $250. I'm thinking $250. This dolphin better have no teeth. Swim up, suck my dick when I get this pool. I live in California. That shit's free bitch. My brother and I want somebody to casino right. Let's go get our dick sucked by dolphin. But I got to tell you about this man. We went on this excursion thing man and you go. We get in this bus with about 25 people. The driver has a gun on his lap. We go through three goddamn war zones to get to this aquarium. And then you come off this bus and you go to this hallway. And you go in the water. The water is way steep. They hit you with life vest like you're going on the goddamn Titanic. You got this huge life vest on it. Everybody waits into this pool of dolphin shit. That's all I can do. It's disgusting. One of the dolphins had a cold sore shit. You know, it was disgusting. And there's all these people standing and they just parade these poor mammals by like they're Singapore sex slaves. And it was just molesting of one by one. And the guy next to me turns to me and he goes, Whatever you do, don't touch the dolphin's penis. Like the last day of what's a picture of my man, a meat jacking off a dolphin. You
This is me doing the stand-up. I'm sure it's not something else. 14 inches. Sorry, I'm gonna need a career. Yeah, this is really cool. Ladies and gentlemen, Jay at Power Rator. All right, all right. Florida, we are doing it. What's up? I like that I got the laugh on the Florida. There's shoes like, yes, Florida. Very funny. I've actually been spending my pandemic down here in Florida. I did my quarantine here, which was pretty amazing, because 50% of the people in Florida believe in COVID, and the other 50% will have you spend their mouth to prove they're not gay. It was wild out here. People in Florida treated COVID like it was a TV show on Netflix. They just binge it last March and then just forgot about it. You'd be out and you'd bring it up like, oh, that COVID show was crazy. And they'd be like, oh, I didn't watch that one. I'm not into sci-fi. They'd be like, I watched Tiger King, though. That was pretty good. I wasn't planning on being down here for the pandemic. What happened was I came to visit my parents and then COVID happened and now I'm retired. It's going pretty great. I'm gonna buy some white new balances tomorrow. Yeah, I'm gonna get into golf and racism next. You know? All the Florida shit. What is it about being 100 years old that makes you want to have velcro on your shoes and to be able to use the N word freely? I'm asking for my dad's neighbor. Those walls are very thin and I know he's not listening to ODB. Yeah, he's into the clan just not the Wu Tang one. This dude has the biggest Confederate flag I've ever seen in my life hanging off his porch. It's insane. Like picture card dealership big. Now double it, right? I know a lot of people say that that flag is about the history, but that one definitely about the racism. I don't get the Confederate flag. Maybe it's because I grew up in New York, but it just doesn't make sense to me. Like having a Confederate flag is like having photos of your ex girlfriend up all over your apartment. And then inviting your new girlfriend over to your apartment. I'm being like, oh, these know it's nothing weird. It's just about our history together. Oh, what do I want to do for fun? I was thinking maybe you could dress up as my ex girlfriend. We'd go back to our old apartment, re-enact fights we used to have. Yeah, for the history. What we fight about, slavery. What's I was like, I never mind. I gotta go get it tattoo removed. Don't worry who Dixie is. It's crazy. I'm living in Florida. I'm crashing with my parents right now. 38 years old. I'm crashing with my parents. This was not the plan, you know? She was going very well before the pandemic for me. I got on TV twice last year. I got shut up. It's how she email address. I'm sending them. He's not answering. But don't worry. He's busy. And now I'm crashing with my parents at 38 years old. The other day my dad asked me if I had brushed my teeth. I want to be like, motherfucker, I got great pubes. What are we doing here? And unless you start knocking, you're going to find out real soon. This dude is not knocking or he's knocking, but he's doing the knock as he opens the door. It's bullshit. Yeah, I feel like my dad is trying to catch me jerking off. Because he didn't catch me as a teenager and I feel like he thinks that's something we missed out on. Did I brush my teeth? No, motherfucker, I'm going to rip my bicycle. Leave me alone. Yes, I have my helmet. Shut up. Oh, man, I'll tell you this. I didn't think I was going to be headed into my forties, I'm going to be heading into my forties, masturbating with headphones again, but here we are. It's real. I got one Bose noise cancelling headphone on one ear. I got one eye on the door. You know how hard it is to catch a nut when you're in full panic mode? I'm just terrified my dad's going to come bursting in at any moment. Like, he got a new architectural digest. People say all this time too, you're in Florida. That must be so relaxing. It's like, yeah, if your idea of relaxing is my dad trying to catch me jerking off every 20 minutes, sure. And it's not even just the coming, like the other day, it's seven in the morning. Seven in the morning, I'm asleep. I hear a thwack, thwack, thwack, thwack, thwack. I'm like, what the fuck are we getting in vain? I roll over my dad's in my room, knee pads on, crowbar pulling up the flooring. I'm like, Jimmy, what are you doing? He's like, buddy, they're coming to replace the rug. Three weeks, we got to get this out of here right now. I can't even get mad at him. You know what I mean? Because my dad just has that dad brain. My dad has a dad brain. He can't turn it off. And the fucked up part is too. Now I have that brain too. I'm just wired that way. That's the craziest thing about living with your parents at this age. You get to see the people who installed your character defects. I'll just be sitting there at dinner and I'll just be like, oh fuck, that's why I cried in the shower. That's it, right there. It's been insane. I'm living in an old folks community right now. I know, or my mom will say, this isn't an old folks community. This is not a 55 plus community. And that's true because there are three other people right now who are living there who are also crashing with their parents. And we see each other every day on our walks and give each other knowing looks like, yeah, we fucked up. We shouldn't have followed our dreams. I should have took that bus driver's test. I could be in a union right now. This is only true before COVID. My dream was to have my own television show. Now it's just to be able to pick my own television show. Did you guys know that there are 376 shows that take place in Alaska and my dad watches every one of them? I've actually figured out how I'm going to get my own TV show. I'm just going to move to Alaska. Yeah, and I'm going to tell jokes to bears and it's going to be called Alaska's Got Talent. Oh man, it's been wild too. My parents got the Rona while I was down here. It was just crazy. I know. They're okay. They're good, which is nice. You guys are okay. You're like, I don't know. They sound kind of shitty, dude. Now they were great. That was my favorite part about my parents getting COVID. Actually, my favorite part about my parents getting COVID is the fact that I know I didn't give my parents COVID. Yeah. It's like that same feeling is when you find out your ex is pregnant and you know you're not the dad. You're like, I didn't do that. I wasn't mean, I'm cool. That is every man's biggest fear is that he's going to get his ex pregnant. For every man, no relationship is actually over until 28 days after that relationship. Yeah. For men, a relationship is like a sentence. It's not over till the period. I got that same map on my phone. I'm not shocked my parents got the Rona though. Mostly because of the fact that my mom is way too friendly. My mom is the sweetest woman on earth. Like, my mom would open mouth kiss a stranger if they asked her nicely. She'd be like, they seem sad. They asked, I don't know. And old people here in Florida would walk up to you without a mask because they're all just ready to die. Yeah, they're like a biggie small's album. Yeah, they're hoping for life after death. My parents were good about the mask though. I was really proud of them for that. That was some people hated the mask. You know, I had no problem with them. I'm a fan of science. I like that. I like that I can free ball this face to the world now though. Don't get me wrong. I was actually on a hike a couple months ago. One of my friends and I was wearing my mask and he was giving me shit about it. He was like, why are you wearing that mask right now dude? There's nobody else around. And I was like, I wear this mask for the same reason I wear a condom. Because I don't know who the fuck was there before me. Yeah, masks were like condoms for your face. Like whenever I saw a dude down public not rocking a mask, I just assumed his dick was riddled with STDs. Yeah, I imagine that dick looked like an old banana, you know? Very spotty little yellow kind of crooked. Also, by the way, you know that dude who's rocking a mask with his nose just sticking over the top? That's the dude who asks, hey, can I put in just the tip? And I put in just the tip. Also, by the way, men, the tip is the worst part. That's where the cum comes out of. Stop asking to put that in. Yeah, like if a dude's like ladies, if a dude says, hey, can I put in just the tip? You'd be better off going, hey, how about just the balls? Because that's where they keep the cum but nobody's getting pregnant, you know what I mean? Like you'd be better off going in soft and sideways. That's all I'm trying to say. My friend too was giving me shit. It's too, I feel like you're wearing that mask because you don't trust me. And I was like, yeah, motherfucker, I don't. He was like, that's fucked up. Why don't you trust me? And I was like, dude, you got herpes from a stripper in Dallas in your 30s. Like if that shit happened in your 20s, I understand people make mistakes and he was like, that's fucked up, you know I was drunk. And I was like, motherfucker, I was blacked out from 13 to 29. And my dick still looks like it rolled off the factory floor. That's not totally true. I got this one weird scar in the bottom but we don't have time to get into that tonight. Yeah, it just knows 13, I was wearing that condom to the mall. I was trying to be ready at all times. Yeah, there was a manager for every 21, I was very fond of. Maybe today. Maybe today. I actually had to move twice during the pandemic. The first time I moved because my girlfriend wanted a much nicer place. The second time I moved because my girlfriend did not want me in that place. Yeah, I went through a little bit of a COVID breakup. We did what's called a conscious uncoppling. Do you guys know what that is? Yeah, that's when you break up but you still have six months left on that lease. And it's weird when you live with your ex because when you live with your ex you can't have sex. You can't have sex with anyone else and you can't leave dishes in the sink. So by weird, I mean it's exactly like still dating my ex. I should have seen that shit comment too because when we first started dating she said to me, Hey, I think we should write our names in all of our books in case we break up. Yeah, I'm not an English professor but I believe that's what they call four shadowing. And now I'm single for the first time in a decade. It's crazy. 10 years. I haven't been single in 10 years. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you. It's wild. I was with this woman for six years before that I was married for four and a half years. Like the last time I was single Barack Obama was in his first term as president. Tinder hadn't been invented yet and people weren't openly talking about eating ass. Yeah, the times have changed. These 20 year olds are psychos. They're out there eating ass. I don't give a fuck. I'm not doing it. Call me old fashioned. I'll do anything but a U.S. Actually, that's what I'm going to write on my Tinder profile. I'll do anything but a U.S. I'll go sign on alone. I got great credit. I got an A10. Yeah, I don't know if you know shit about credit scores. That's a fucking good one. I own a 2016 Toyota Prius paid for it in cash with dick jokes. I own a car. I'm not eating your asshole. Fuck off. This is only 20 year olds were actually eating so much ass at the beginning of the pandemic. New York State governor Andrew Cuomo had to send down an email telling them to calm down on the eating ass. Do you know how much ass you have to eat to get the government involved? I imagine it's assed by the pounce. I do not know. 20, I mean 20 year olds, your gross. Knock it off. It's disgusting. I shouldn't talk shit though. I was the grossest 20 year old in the world. I think between the years of like 2001 and 2011 I brushed my teeth like three times. I know I might as well have been eating ass. My breath already tasted like it. Also 20 year old men Irish spring that is not soap. That is the government cheese of soap. Knock it off. Get yourself something with an oatmeal in it. Something that exfoliates. You're worth it. You know what? I'm lying to you guys. I probably would hate assing my 20s. I probably would because I didn't have any confidence in my 20s. I didn't really like myself that much in my 20s. That's why I drank a lot in my 20s. And alcohol. The reason was alcohol will give you confidence. And I know that for a fact is one time when I was drunk I invited a woman back to my apartment when I knew I didn't have electricity. Yeah, she came too or she didn't come but she like showed up in the middle of the night. You guys know what I mean. That's not even the most embarrassing thing I ever did in my 20s. This is totally true. One time while I was having sex with a woman I said to her, I can't believe you're letting me do this right now. I know. Have you ever seen someone realize they made a mistake while you're inside of them? I know. I don't know what the opposite of getting wet is but I definitely did that for her. So that was kind of cool. I guys would feel like a magician. I was like, we're once there was a river. Now there's a desert. I actually said to dot the end. It was pretty fucked up. I feel bad for people in their 20s. There's 20s who's the hardest spirit in your life. Nobody tells you that. The 20s is the roughest spirit in your life. Your 20s is like a second purity but instead of getting hair on your balls you have to learn to pay your own vision and dental. It's bullshit. It's so hard. Like when you're in your 20s and you go through a breakup you're like, oh my god my life's over. I don't know what I'm going to do. When you're in your 30s and you go through a breakup you're like, oh my god I need a new fucking mattress. Like when I was in my 20s and I was so poor and broke living in New York City starting out and stand up comedy my room was so small. I couldn't have a regular size bed in there. I had to have a bunk bed. Yeah, try being 26 and picking up a woman with a bunk bed. She'd be like, hey you want to go back to your place and I'd have to be like, hey are you afraid of heights? And you can't have crazy wild sex in a bunk bed. That shit's not happening. There's only two positions sideways and disappointed. That's it. Yeah, like a girl has to get on top. That means I'm underneath a bed jerking off. I used to tell women to that I had a loft bed but then they thought we were going back to make love in my loft apartment. When the truth is they were about to get side fucked and what used to be somebody's co-closet. Also, 20-year-old dudes in here, I want to give you a piece of advice because I had a hard time with women in my 20s and I want to tell you this because I want a woman to fuck you more than once. Yeah, because here's the thing. If you're a 20-year-old man and you're in here, there is a device that you can buy that you can keep in your bedroom that will greatly increase the chances of a woman having an orgasm and it will greatly increase her chances of her coming back to have sex with you again. It's a very simple device you can get it anywhere and it's called a bed frame. Do you hear that? Those are some women who fuck some starving artists, right there. Get yourself, get your fucking mattress off the floor. No woman wants to be fucking a dude whose mattress is on the floor. Look, and I'm not even saying that she needs to be like, west down. Get fucking four center blocks and a piece of plywood. She has goals, she has aspirations, she has hopes. No woman wants to be banging a dude and be reminded how close she is to her bottom. Both physically, emotionally and mentally. I'm not even trying to fuck anybody right now. I'm sure, I'm not giving fuck right now. You know what I mean? Like in your 20s, I'm trying to fuck. I'm in my th- I don't care. You know what I mean? Like, I'm not available right now. I'm not. And I'm not in a relationship and I'm not single. What this is is happily alone. That's what I am right now. Yeah, it's the best. It's the best. Like, I know someone will fuck me in my thirties. That's the difference. Like, I know someone will fuck me now because I have skills. I bring shit to the table. You know what I mean? I know how to roast a whole chicken. Yeah, I own a lot, Chrisette. That's French cookware. Someone will fuck me. 20-year-old men pick up skills by spices. Spices are the things that go in cabinets. Cabinets are what I used to put empty jacked annuals bottles on top of. Yeah, because I thought that was art in my 20s. I was like, look at all of my about accomplished. But now, I'm not trying to fuck any of these people. I can give a shit. Because here's the thing. I like me now. I didn't like me in my 20s. So now, if you want to fuck me, you got to be cool. You got to like bring shit to the table. Like, if you want to fuck me, you got to have a 401k. Yeah. Because one of us is going to need it. And also, by the way, I don't need anyone to fuck me now because I can fuck me. Yeah. Yeah. And after I fuck me, I'm going to watch the movie I want to watch. Yeah, I'm never watching Gilmore Girls again. That shit's over. I don't give a fuck what's happening in Star's Hollow right now. I don't know what it is about my dick, but apparently it pairs very well with Gilmore Girls. Like, if my dick was on Netflix, Netflix would be like, you also might like the Gilmore Girls. I don't want to make it sound like a man-tied relationship, though. I love relationships. I think relationships are amazing. Like, the last relationship I was in was incredible. The woman was great. I learned so much during that relationship. And I grew a lot during it. And by that, I mean I got fat as fuck. I got so fat in that relationship, but I feel like that's nature's way of telling you you're in love. You know what I mean? Like, nature's like ice cream donuts. You're not going anywhere, buddy. Like, if you ever see one of your friends after they start dating somebody new and you see them coming in, you're like, oh shit! And they're like, dude, Stephanie's amazing. I'm in love. And you're like, I can tell, you're rocking a 2X right now. I didn't know Diabetes was a side-effective love. Happy for your heart, worried for your toes. My whole goal after my break up is I just wanted to become an internet thirst trap. You literally covered your mouth on that. It was great. I know. Thank you. And so far, I've lost 37 pounds since the... Thank you. And so far, after shows two women have slid into my DMs. Thank you. I have not responded yet. I'm just way too nervous. Now that I think this sex will be bad, I'm just afraid we'll pop my blow-up mattress. There's actually a term for when you have sex on a blow-up mattress. It's called dry-docking. It's now because you're having sex outside of a pool. It's just because no one can get wet while getting fucked on top of a floatation device. Should I have said, WAP? Do you think that would have been funnier if I said WAP? Everyone knows what WAP is, right? Or WAP, depending on... Yeah. I guess, yeah. I mean, if Bernie Sanders knows who Cardi B is, everyone's gonna know who Cardi B is, right? Like if Bernie Sanders had home with a mitten stirring up out of macaroni, like, yeah, it does kind of sound like pussy. After the break-up, I decided I was gonna come here to Florida to see my parents stay with my folks. I was worried about Corona, so I was like, I'm gonna camp the whole way. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm just not gonna stay in hotels. And I don't know if you guys can tell from my vibe so far. I'm not much of a camping guy. Like, I don't know shit about camping. Like, okay. So how do I get into this? So I had to take a shit in a garbage bag in the woods, okay? And I was in Albuquerque, New Mexico, very windy state. Not the state to be shitting in a garbage bag in the woods. Gale for Swins in Albuquerque, New Mexico. I picked a place called Packout, which literally means you have to take your shit with you. Which I didn't know. And I was talking to my manly camper friend about it. He was like, well, what technique did you use? And I was like, technique, I shat into a bag in the woods. And he was like, yeah, but you went through the legs, right? And I was like, oh, no, I went full-skier. And he was like, full-skier. I was like, yeah, you know, full-skier. Like, you know when they're taking off at the Olympics, that was me and I was going for the bronze. And here's the thing. I opened my car door to try to block the wind, but wind can go under car doors, lifting garbage bags. Basically making me look like a giant beaver, shitting in the woods. Let's put it this way. I've now officially been camping zero times I've shit on my hand once. And it's weird when you shit on your hands in the woods. I imagine it's a lot like when you bury a body in the woods. Like, there's a lot of wet wipes involved and you hope no one ever finds out about it. Yeah, I got hotels the next two nights too because I would rather get COVID than shit on my hands again. It's wild. Me and the ex, we were fucking serious, man. We were talking about whether or not we wanted to get married. Clearly not. When I was her little four-year-old niece just walked out of me in Disneyland in front of her whole entire family and just went, why won't you marry my aunt? I know it's like, hey kid, she had the fuck up. I didn't actually say that. I love her. She's the greatest. But I couldn't tell her the truth. You know, I couldn't be like, well, your aunt's been married before and she's still working through some shit spiritually. So pretty much it's on her at this point. It was scary because we had both been married before so we both knew how hard it was and we both knew how much fucking wedding cost. This is totally true. Average cost of a wedding in New York City, where I'm originally from, $60,000. Yeah, you guys know $60,000, right? Like the amount of money I made in my 20s if we were around up by $37,000? $60,000. This is why I feel like young people shouldn't be allowed to get married. Or not that young people shouldn't be allowed to get married, but you should have to be married like five years before you can throw yourself a wedding. Because like, young people don't know what to do with money. Young people will be fine. No people will be like, no you won't. Like, if you ask any older couple who's been married for more than five years if they were throwing themselves a wedding, hey, do you want to spend $10,000 on appetizers? They'll be like, you can go to hell. There's older couples known, nobody gives a shit about the appetizers that you're wedding. Like, people only care about one thing at a wedding. And it's not your love. It's the open bar. You could have six kegs of beer and some totinos, pizza rolls and people would be like, this is a pretty good wedding. I also feel like you should have to go on your honeymoon before you get married. That's something I believe. I think you should have to go on your honeymoon. Some people say, live together before you get married. I think honeymoon. Because if you can't get along in Hawaii, you're sure shit not going to make it in Cleveland. And also, by the way, no more destination weddings. I'm out. I'm done. I'm not renewing my passport to watch you make a mistake. And also, by the way, if you do have a destination wedding and you get divorced in the first five years, we're all getting refunds now. And you're flying us to your divorce and you're having it somewhere fun like Acapoco. My idiot, Guido cousin? Yeah. And I say, Guido in the meanest way possible. And if you don't know what a Guido is, it's just a dude who's covering hundreds of tattoos of Jesus bleeding. He'd be like, hey, Sal, what's the last religious thing you did? And he'd be like, what are you talking about? I just gave up fingering, Follett. Yeah, peace be with you, buddy. Hey, you're insane of meatballs that guy. On his scar face wedding, he spent $180,000. Yeah, $180,000 to his bride could feel like a princess for the day. When for $180,000, she could have became the actual queen of Detroit. Very cheap property there. $180,000. And I don't even remember that much about that wedding. Isn't that crazy? Or I remember two things. There were giant marble staircases. She had to walk down before we could eat. And there were piles of cheese stacked up like blow. Like so much cheese, if anyone ate all the cheese, they wouldn't ship for three years. Isn't that crazy? I went to a wedding that cost as much as seven key assaults. All I remember, stairs, cheese. That's it. That's fucked up. Like they spent $180,000 on a wedding. Only thing they had to show for it at the end of that wedding was a photo album of them spending $180,000. Once again, this is why I feel like young people shouldn't be allowed to get married. Because if that was any older couple, if you gave any older couple the option between you could have a photo album to remember this day for the rest of your life. Or you could afford a stackable washer and dryer. Yeah, there's not an old couple. There's not an old couple. Isn't like give me the fucking world, Popeye Bade. A mother or three would kick her own pastor in the pussy for in-unit laundry. But young people are like, no, we need that photo album. We need to remember this day for the rest of our lives. Bullshit. I've been married. I'm divorced. I got one of those photo albums. I'm not doing shit with it. But I know what I'm going to do with it. I'm going to photoshop my new girlfriend's face on top of my ex-wife's face. Yeah, and then when I propose to her, I'm going to give her that photo album. I'm just like, hey, I just saved us $10,000. I got divorced for the memories and most people get divorced. I picked wrong. Yeah. I went with opposite attract. Yeah, opposite's also fuck a bartender named Craig. So, oh, do you guys think I fuck Craig? I didn't fuck Craig. I could of though. Don't get weird about it. I like to think of Craig's dick as like the iceberg on the Titanic. It got me off the ship. Also, by the way, if you're in here and you're in your 20s and you're thinking about getting married right now, don't fucking do it. Statistically, people get married in their 20s versus people wait till their 30s, don't make it. Like, let's put it this way. If you bought an unframed poster in the past decade, you're not ready to be married. You're not responsible enough to be part of a joint checking account. This is totally true. On my honeymoon, I bought a Nirvana t-shirt. I could have just told you that and you would have been like divorced. Also, by the way, if you're in here and you're 20s right now and you're thinking about getting a tattoo, don't fucking do it. You're taste, much like the person you're here with now, gonna change. Like, when I was in my 20s, I wanted to get a Dave Matthews band tattoo. Yeah, now as an adult, I know I don't like Dave Matthews band. I just like being drunk outside. That's not totally true. I mean, I love being drunk outside, but I just celebrated eight years sober, which is crazy. Thanks. Thanks a bunch. It's funny. Sometimes I'll tell people that and they'll be like, but you smoke weed though, right? And I'm like sober and they're like, so we... That's like a guy going to girls like, I'm a virgin, I'm saving myself from marriage and the dude's like, so butt's up right? I didn't quit smoking weed though because I had a problem with weed. I quit smoking weed because I got tired of looking for my cell phone with the flashlight on my cell phone. And it's fucking... And it's crazy now because weed is just legal in so many states around the country, you can just walk into a store and buy weed over the counter. It's nuts. Like, when I was a kid, if you wanted to buy weed, you had to go to like a parking lot or a substitute teacher. Hey, you got to be a guy. There was a protocol involved. I'm worried about these kids. They're not going to have life skills. And now there's all these different kinds of weed. It's crazy. There's like indica, sativa, bubble-cush, northern lights. Like, it's nuts. Like, when I was a kid, there was only two kinds of weed. There was dirt weed and there was laced weed. That's it. You're either not getting high or getting way too fucking high. Like, this is totally true. First two times I smoked weed, nothing happened. Third time I smoked weed, it was PCP. I'm happy you enjoyed that mis because I did not. Has anyone here ever been so high that they watched cartoons for two hours and then realized the television wasn't on? Yeah, turns out Mitt Romney, not one of the power buff girls. And here's the thing about when you smoke angel dust. It's going to last a lot longer than you were planning. And you're 15 and you got to curfew and you got to be home real soon. And you know who's going to notice that you're on PCP right away? Your mom. She's going to pick some shit out. And I don't know what gave me away. The fact that I wasn't wearing a t-shirt or it was December in New York. But she knew. And as soon as I walked into the door, my mom was like, are you high right now? And I was like, no, I'm on gold slugger. That's what I told her. I just admitted to a completely different crime. That's how I know I can never commit an actual crime. Because if a cop was ever like, have you been drinking and driving? And I'd be like, no, I murdered a drifter. So, what do you want? What do you want? And the craziest thing to me too now is like, even though I'm sober, I travel around. And it's crazy me when I go to a state that doesn't have legal weed. Because it's always for like the most bullshit excuses. They're like, well, what if the kids get it? They'll get cooler taste of music. They'll be fine. And people are like, yeah, but it's a gateway drug. And I'm like, yeah, to reggae, they'll be fine. Like by a round of applause, how many people in here have smoked weed before? Yeah, my favorite of the people were high now because they raised their hand. President. President. I'm here. Now by a round of applause, how many people have done heroin? Yeah, that's a pretty thing game. Now one of us managed to shimmy through it. That's why I'm scared to have kids. I'm scared to have kids because I don't want to pass these shitty Irish alcoholic genes down to my children. Like, I don't want to just give them these Irish genes of mild depression and varicose veins. My biggest fear about having kids though is I'm afraid that I'm gonna have a girl. And more so I'm afraid that I'm gonna have a girl who looks like me. And I don't mean like the little girl version of me. I mean like me now. Curly as this. Because we've all seen that girl who looks like her dad and she looks like a little 40 year old plumber. And I don't want to do that shit to my baby girl. Like picture me in pigtails and address. Yeah, no one's fucking that kid. Or not. I didn't mean it like that. I'm gonna know what's fucking that 35 year old adult. 35's weirder, I think actually. What age do I want my daughter to get fucked at? Yeah. 17. Yeah. 17, prom night. He got a motel, some candles. If you're fucking my baby you're spending some money. Yeah. Kevin from the baseball team. Strong hands. Maybe a catcher, you know? Okay, that went too far. Look, I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about. I've never talked about this on stage before I never will again. I know 35's too old. I don't want my daughter walking around in 35. Like one day my prince will come and sell my life. Yeah, we've all seen those people in the world running through a park yelling at pigeons like get out of my way. I have a doctorate. I have a doctorate. Speaking of the un-fucked, I got a good story I get it. Right before everything shut down, I went to Vegas to see a concert with all my friends. We went to go see Elton John play, the farewell yellow brick road tour. Unreal. He played for three and a half hours in that whole set. There was one song I didn't know. When that song came on, I was like perfect time to get a t-shirt. So I went down to get a t-shirt and they had that shit roped off like space mountain and I went to the wrong side. I looked around Noah's there, I was like, fuck it, I'm going underneath. And the second I go underneath, I just hear, now, now. Like I'm a puppy, shitting on a carpet. And I just look up and there's this red face woman storming towards me and I'm like, oh my God, miss. I'm so sorry. I didn't see you. Please go right ahead of me. She's like, you goddamn right, I'm going to go ahead of you jerk. My friends like, why is he a jerk? He's letting you go ahead of him. And she's like, shut up your shit head. Who gets that angry at an Elton John concert? I'll tell you, a lady wasn't come in a hundred years. And in that moment I just burst out laughing and she goes, you know what, go fuck yourself. And I was like, you know what? I did earlier today. That's probably why I'm being pretty chill about this whole thing right now. Maybe if you would have went and fucked yourself, we wouldn't be in this situation right now. Yeah, we both be back in our seats listening to tiny dancer. Maybe we need to get you a pocket rocket man of love. How did I get on that? Sorry. Oh, it's talking about my daughter, no one would fuck her. Okay, here we go. She'd have way too hard of a life grown up. She'd show up for like her first day at school and they'd be like, what do you want to be when you grow up little girl? And she'd be like princess and they'd be like, how about heating and cooling technician? Women also just have it way harder than dudes. That's why I'm scared to have a daughter because women have to deal with way more fucking bullshit than men do. Like right now they're trying to ban abortion again. That should crazy to me. Like that's it's also never going to happen though. Mostly because of the fact that no millennials can afford to have kids, none of us. Yeah, you want to know I know that every millennial I know is still in their parents phone family plan. Like if you can't afford a team mobile, you can't afford a baby. Like the only way millennials could afford to have kids is if seven of us shared one like an HBO Max password. Also, women have to deal with the luxury tax. That's another bullshit thing. Women have to deal with it. It's in extra seven to ten percent tax on top of pads, tampons, puri-chit. It's bullshit. I said that in Cleveland a couple months ago this dude in the front row was like good. And I was like a hobo woman freebleeds all the front seat of your Volvo. My diva cop crew over here. I know my ex was afraid to have kids too. I know that because she said to me, you better not get me pregnant. I know. I know. And she said it just like that. Like we were two partners in a buddy cop film who hadn't started trusting each other yet. Like she was just like, you better not get me pregnant. I panicked. I was like, well you better watch your back. Yeah, because that's where I'm going to put it. You guys get the boy. I'm just kidding. She would never let me do that. Very sexually progressive. Just hate some mess. Here's the thing. I don't want to get anyone pregnant. I like to have kids one day but those are two totally different things. Like one of them involves a birthing plant. The other the word oops. Yeah, like when I have kids I want to use words like excited and ecstatic. I don't want to make the same sounds as if I just drop some red wine on a carpet. Just like, oh fuck. Oh shit I'm so sorry. I could totally pay to have that taken out. Oh fuck you guys. Don't know how that show happened. Yeah. Yeah, applauding was the right response. One and three women have had an abortion. So right now if you hear of like your mom, your sister in your aunt, you're honest, statistically making one of the very uncomfortable. Yeah, I'm a feminist. I am. I am. I'm a male feminist. I got yelled at for that shit the other day. You're not supposed to gender it. I don't know why I'm smiling while saying that. This is totally true. Once I'm in North Carolina and I told to do there was a male feminist and I swear to God I think he thought I meant transgender. He was just like so which bathroom do you pay it and I was like we can't have a conversation. Just give me the fucking slurping. Also by the way I couldn't even get my ex pregnant like she had an IUD. My sperm is not stronger than science. And also for those of you men in here who don't know what an IUD is, it's this little tiny crossbow that your girlfriend puts inside her. Yeah. That's exactly what it looks like. It looks like you're trying to hunt the predator down there. Or she doesn't put it in there. A doctor puts it in there. If she put it in there, don't fuck that lady. Well if she got like a KMR doing it at home kind of kid, you don't bang that lady. You marry that lady. She's thrifty. I recently made an IUD for dudes. I really do. I think they would be incredible if they made an IUD for men. But instead of stopping dudes from getting pregnant it would just stop us from sleeping with women we shouldn't have kids with. Yeah. We could call it something like dignity. Self-respect any of these names work. They better have a former male birth control by the time I have a son. I'm not letting that kid go free swinging that dick in the streets. No way. I know what kind of stock my kid came from. I wish my parents would have kept my dick in a box so it was 28 years old. Then at least I'd have like an associate's degree. Yeah. Now when I fill out paperwork I have to check some college. I might as well write in all alcoholism. I also just had my first pregnancy scare when I was super young. I was way too young. I was 13 years old. Yeah, yeah, I know. I don't look like I guy who was fucking at 13. I look like a man who's still saving himself for the Lord now. 13. That's way too young. You want to know it's too young. I showed up on rollerblades to find out about it. I got there and she was like, you're probably going to want to take those off for this. And here's the crazy part. When she told me I swear to God I was like, well, I'm definitely losing my allowance over this shit. By the way, I was not planning on having sex at 13. I didn't think I was like the man. You know what I mean? What happened was my parents were afraid I was already having sex. So my mom put condoms in my top drawer and told me they could be used on your wedding night but they're there if you need them. I know. Cool ass mom. I told my girlfriend and she was like, we need them. I know. I know. And I was like, thank you, mommy. My favorite part of the... My favorite part about that story too is even the fact that I got to have sex. It means that there was a day where my mom and my dad went to a CVS together. Walked down that condom aisle. Had to look at the 24 packs, the 12 pack, and the 3 pack and they had to ask themselves, how much do we believe in this kid? They went with the 3 pack, a pervert amount. They knew their baby boy. But I was smart. I was smart. I was smart. I didn't want my parents to know I was having sex. So I did my own little CVS condom recon mission, right? And I go to that CVS and I walk down that condom aisle and there's literally hundreds of condoms. And I don't know what to do. I'm 13. I'm looking at all these condoms and I don't know what to get. And all of a sudden I see the ones that say magnums and I'm like, magnums. That sounds cool. So I pick up the magnums and I go to take them up to the front but I get some like other shit to camouflage them in with. I pick up my Flintstones truables, peanut M&Ms. Head up to the front and the lady starts checking me out and then she gets to the magnums. She looks at the magnums, looks at me and just goes, yeah, these aren't for you. And she was right. She was doing me a solid. I would have been tying the other hip off as a water balloon. I better have a fucking IUD for my son. That's all I'm saying. This is totally true. I was on stage in Cleveland, Ohio a couple months ago. And while I was on stage talking about IUDs, this lady just yells out from the back of the room. They don't know where mine is. And I was like, what? And she was like, yeah, it's just kind of lost inside of me. And I was like, what are you doing here? And she was like, the doctor said it'll resurface. Resurface. What is it a fucking Russian summer? Like with someone going down paroscopes on your pussy and just knock that thing loose? Do we need to go in a hunt for the red October right now? That's not even the craziest part of this story. After the show I'm outside, I'm meeting the audience, shaking hands, taking pictures. Totally different woman comes up to me and she was like, yeah, IUDs, they're crazy. And I was like, yeah? And she was like, yeah, every two weeks you got to get in there and you got to check for the strings. And I was like, what? And she was like, yeah, every two weeks you got to get in there and you got to check for the strings. And I was like, I don't have to do anything. I was like, I'm not going to do anything. Who raised these people in Cleveland? My son's getting that fucking IUD. I got fears about having kids. It's not even just that. Like, I'm also, I don't want to pass my shitty jeans down to my kids. Now, I was born severely dyslexic and I was born with a form of nerve damage. You're my hands. It caused my hands to shake. It's the reason why every Instagram video man looks like a boomerang. It's also the reason why every conversation I've ever had with the cops is ended with, yeah, I'm still going to have to look in the trunk. I love my shaking hands now though. Of all my disabilities, shaking hands is definitely my favorite one. As a kid, I was super embarrassed by it and maybe feel super weird now. It's way more fun than I'm not just talking about sexually. Like, think about the most boring thing in your guy's life, for example. Like, think about soup, for example. For you guys, soup, very boring. For me, soup is like an action movie. The people I'm sitting at the table with are like, I don't know if he's going to make it. Spoiler alert, I never make it. I'm so dyslexic too. I'm super dyslexic. Like, I'm so dyslexic. I'd say, after this show, go ahead and follow me on Twitter if you hate spelling and grammar and love puzzles. By the way, the guy who came up with a name and spelling for dyslexia, huge asshole. Was there from the get reader spell too? Well, let's throw a silent Y in there. Why? Because fuck, I'm gonna be funny for the rest of us. As a dyslexic person, texting is a nightmare. The only thing worse than texting, sexting. Yeah, because this is my job. I travel for a living. I'm normally on the road like 40 weekends at a year and it's very hard to keep it spicy with the woman you're dating when she thinks you're constantly trying to slide into her Virginia. But then talk to text came out and that she was like a game changer for me. But even that would have its hiccups. And I'd be like, ooh, do you like that? And Siri would be like, yeah, not so much. And every time I'm doing my talk to sex, like I said, I'm always in some hotel room. And there's always a connecting door and I'm always terrified on the other side of that door is some sweet family on vacation. And they hear me doing my talk to sex and Siri's always fucking up the word so you gotta keep repeating yourself. So I'm just in there like panties. panties panties. Like, no, why would I want to wear her pastries? Fuck off. We all have our things, you know? I also have cerebral palsy. I normally don't talk about all these topics back to back because then it sounds like I'm trying to start myself on fucking foundation. That's the crazy thing about having all my disabilities too. Like, you couldn't tell by looking at me. Like, if I parked in a handicap spot at a store and you saw me walk into a target, you'd be like, I'm keen this motherfucker's car. I would fall, break a lot of bones and shit like that because of my CP. The worst thing that the worst for me that ever really happened when I was in sixth grade, I had both my legs, put them walking casts to stretch my Achilles send it out. And to cheer me up, my parents said we were going to take a trip. Now, in your logical 12 year old kidbrae, when you hear trip, where do you think we're going? Exactly, the Hooters on Stan Island. I don't know how you guys all did that at once. That was fucking impressive. And here's the thing, I'm 38 years old. I still wonder to this day sometimes, who pitched that idea, my mom or my dad. Because think about that. Well, isn't that doctor's office? Have my little facet legs taped up to look like giant cannolis? What am I going to be out in that waiter room like, hey, wouldn't it be funny? We take the boys, see some boobies? I used that voice because I hope it was my dad. And not my mom just like, hey, you know what I always cheers you up, boobies. And as soon as we walked through the door of this Hooters, my parents lied to these waitresses and told them it's my birthday. Do you guys know what they do at Hooters when it's your birthday? They make you stand on top of a plastic chair and you air jerk off salt and pepper shakers, well they sing you happy birthday. Yeah, like I had to do that shit in front of my mom and dad. And I was 12, it wasn't like I didn't know what this was. It was the year jerk and off showed up. And it showed up in a big way. Like the two biggest things that you're in my room were masturbation and the way this is wonderwall. Yeah, it was a constant trampoline supernova. My dad's a man's man too. My dad's a guy's got my dad's a New York City firefighter and a blue collar Republican. I'm a New York City liberal and I do this for a living. I know it is funny. Sometimes I do think to myself like is there any way you could be a bigger disappointment to your New York City firefighter father? Then I think yeah, gay terrorists. Which by the way is what my dad calls a yoga instructor. I love my dad. I love hanging out with my dad. The only problem is when we hang out sometimes my dad's guy guy friends come and they're all like this types of guys who would like smack a chick on the ass and be like, Hey, what's the matter with me? What's the matter with you? That's a compliment. You should smile more. You got a pretty face. We read this Yankees game a couple summers ago and this dude was like, Hey, what do you do for live in pal? How what do you do? You make someone with your hands? What do you do? And I was like, oh, I'm never going to tell you. And he was like, come on. What do you do? And my dad, the dude, it sold me out immediately. He's like, oh him? He's a comedian. And they're like, oh, you comedian tells the joke funny guy come on. Andrew Dites Clay tells the joke. Two shows I was like, oh, no. And that guy got pissed. He was like, sure, whatever, whatever your comedian, your comedian. Then he got up to get everyone else beers. But right before he leaves, he just leans in and taps me and goes, I'm sweating like a Jew in an old idiot. Yeah. And they all start hysterical laughing. And then another one of them taps me and goes, now that's a comedian. No, it's not. That's just a racist. We're good timing. That's it. Have you ever seen one of those dudes who works out but does no cardio? So he just looks like something ripped the arm stuff and he man and put him on a Mr. Potato head? That was that dude mustache and all and he kept he kept bragging. He kept bragging the whole game about how he got laid. Then I before he was like last night, I totally did it with this chick and then she left stuff in my apartment so she could come back so we could do it again. And I was like, are you sure it wasn't because she was like, oh, I got to get the fuck out of here. The fucked up parties though is guys like that guy and guys like my dad make the best dad mostly because the fact that their kids fear them. Like that's not going to be the case for my generation. Like none of our kids are going to fear us. Mostly because the fact that none of us are going to work the kinds of jobs you come home and beat your kids from. Like nobody comes home from a hard day of graphic designing. And beats their kid. Like you've never heard anyone be like, oh no, look out. That's Photoshop crashed. My dad's idiot friend too is one of those dudes who rocks up pop collar. You ever see one of those gentlemen? Yeah, by the way, if you don't know what the pop collar means, basically what the pop collar means is that guy is two buttlight lines away from telling you what he really thinks about Puerto Ricans. He's racist. That's not a pop collar as much as it is a reverse clue-clux clan hoodie. And for some reason it's salmon. And this dude was like, dude, let me give you a little bit of a vice. And I was like, oh, I totally want to vice for my man who's just like a dog that just got back from the vet. What's up? And he was like, when you dated chick, you got to date a chick who loves sports, a chick who loves sports. And his whole logic was it's like being with one of the guys. It's like being with one of the guys. I don't know, me personally. Any time I'm fucking anybody, I want it to be like none of the guys. Like, you're never going to hear me say like, oh, wait until you meet my new girlfriend, Jessica, you'll totally love her. She'll totally remind you of Greg. It's not going to happen. I did one time go out on a date with a woman who loves sports and it clearly went terrible because I'm like this guy, you know what I mean? And about halfway through the date, a one point this lady just turned to me and to my face, she just went, you know, they don't make men like they used to anymore. Yeah, I know my face, but the fucked up parties I totally had to agree with her. Because if they did, I would have to hit her for having an opinion on men. To be very clear, that is a joke about how I don't hit women. My dad's idea friend found out I was getting divorced at the time too. He's like, oh, bro, you're getting divorced? You better be careful. Because if you end up getting divorced, she could get half of your shit. And I was like, really, that actually sounds pretty good because right now she already has all of my shit. I'd love to get some of that back. Also, by the way, when you're broke and you're going through a divorce, it's not like you have a lot of shit to split up. It's like, oh, do you want this half-useful of burnt CDs or this D-battery? Yeah, I'll let her keep the D-battery. This way she can put her in her vibrator and go fuck herself. That's my favorite one too. Also, by the way, none of you ladies come up to me and have the show and be like, hey, just so you know, vibrators don't take D-batteries, they take triple A's. I know that shit. Also, get yourself a fucking rechargeable. You can come and save the environment at the same time. You plug that little USB end in to the end of your laptop while you watch porn. Kill two clits with one stone. This is totally true. Before me and my ex-wife got divorced, we didn't have sex for a whole year. Yeah, I know, and we were only married two years. Right before we got divorced, I told her, I was like, hey, I think we should move to Portland, Oregon. And what she said to me is, oh, you should go move to the woods and go fuck yourself. Yeah, so now I'm going to try to change. I would have just been in the woods. And I met my new girlfriend, and we started having sex. Lots of it. Yeah. We started having so much sex after the first week she had to get a monostat. Oh fuck you guys, do not make that noise. 50% of the people on this planet have vaginas and 99% of the time they get a yeast infection is because of one of those dirty dicks. So why should God damn dicks, gentlemen. Yeah, my situation was more of a loop situation. Stay away from those blue charging condoms with the arm of a loop. Here's the thing about monostat though, when you go to buy a lady a monostat, they duct tape that shit and they put a security sensor on it. Yeah, here's the thing, if somebody doesn't have the money to buy that, let them fucking steal it. Yeah, like if my dick was on fire and you sold fire extinguishers and I didn't have 20 bucks to give you and you wouldn't let me use it, you're a piece of shit. Yeah, fuck you CVS, that's what I'm trying to say with that joke. My whole goal in comedy, my whole goal in comedy is I just want to get famous enough one day where I could start my own foundation. We're outside of every CVS, I'm going to have like my own kind of red box situation. But instead of movies, it's just going to be filled with monostat and cranberry pills. Yeah, and all that shit's going to be free, it's going to be called the box box. Yeah, we're not going to have pads in it though because then every 28 days we still have to call it the red box. Here's the other thing about monostat, I know you weren't expecting this much monostat stuff to come out of a man in a Canadian tuxedo, but buckle up, here we go. There's two different one day monosets, why the fuck are there two one day monosets? It's in the name one, that should be it. There's an obvious and there's a preloaded stick, I fucked up, I bought the wrong one and then I brought it home and I showed it to my girlfriend at the time and she was like, oh I can't use this because if I use it it'll burn like the wrath of a law. Yeah, direct quote, she's very funny. And I was like, no problem, I'm a man, I'll bring the shit back, I don't give a fuck, but I forgot the bag in the receipt at home. And as soon as I walked through the door of that CVS, what do you think happens? Yeah, that fucking security sensor went off and I pulled a monostat out of my pocket and the security guard looked at me like I just opened up a vest of dynamite. He just looked down to the floor and was like, do whatever the fuck you got to do and get out of here. So I went and got preloaded stick and I took a stick and I'll be up to the counter and I said to the lady, I need to exchange this for this and she goes, oh fuck yeah, no problem. She goes, I just need your receipt and I go, oh my god, I left it at home in the bag and she goes, oh without receipt I can't help you. CVS policy, fuck CVS. And I panicked, I did the only thing I could think to do when I just leaned over the counter, I put my hand on this lady's hand, I said lady, look, I know you've got a heart. But you also got a pussy, so let's make this thing happen. Yeah, she let me do it. I exchanged stick for Avio, there was a dollar price difference, she put it on a gift card for me and I bought some rollos, came home to me here. Alright, thanks a lot guys, I've been J.A. Verse. I carry her back, so wherever I go, take it more, my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh
I'm gonna talk about universal. Okay? For those of you around the world, out here in LA, there's two theme parks. You have Disney Land, right? Which is the one you want to go to. All right? They know, I'm gonna sit down for this so you guys know that this is coming from the heart. Okay? So anyway, universal, it's like they make, they're making shit on the lot and then up top the people that go to their movies, they have all of these fucking rides that you go on. So every once in a while, a new ride opens up and if you have kids, your kids want to go on it. So the new Mario World ride opened up and we went there and my wife, my wife, I don't know what she did. Like she always buys the VIP shit. She goes, don't worry. She goes, we have the VIP, you know, we can just fucking go in. But our VIP shit didn't count on the new ride. They're like, yeah, that doesn't count. Like what are we talking about? We pay the next 100 bucks per ticket. They're like, yeah, that's for the other rides. You know? Do you remember Joe Dirt? Do you remember that? The Joe Dirt Ride. You can get on that shout out to David Spade. The Joe Dirt Ride. It's a fucking 69 Super B that does a loop-d loop. You can say, I don't want to fucking go on that. Well, you wouldn't have to stand in line. There's no one in that line. You asshole. It's a fucking movie from 30 goddamn years ago. We have the tango and cash fucking water ride. It's good for that. But any of this new shit. So we go into like Mario World. And the first thing we got there early, we stand in line for this fucking ride, dude. It was two hours and 40 minutes to get on the fucking ride, dude, every time you thought you'd gone up the last flight of stairs and gone into the last room they had. And there was no refreshments, no nothing. So people are getting dehydrated. And then they keep bringing you outside of the structure. And I'm going, you know, this one of those fights you don't want to have with your wife in that line. Because there's no, you can't walk away, right? You're just standing there. You don't want to start anything. And I'm just sitting there thinking, like, want to fuck? Didn't you get the fucking goddamn shit? You know, you always know where the best shit is. How did you fuck this up? Right? I was like the dad and poltergeist. You know, you moved the grade stones, but she didn't move the bodies. Why? That's what I wanted to do. You got VIP tickets, but it didn't count on this shit, right? So two hours and 40 fucking minutes standing in line. It was so bad in the beginning. I actually, I felt for everyone around me going, like, how can you do this to these hard work and Americans? This is fucking terrible. They run a business like this. People come here, they're with their kids. People are crying. Within an hour of that, I just hated everybody. And I was like, you know what? These fucking people deserve it. Look at it. A bunch of fat fucks standing here. Fucking constant pharma. They cut us. They did this thing where they sort of saw how long the line was. And they'll say it was going all the way that way. They sort of got to, like, you know, only like five or 10 groups of people. And they kind of went like, is that the line? Is that like the line? And then they were just fucking in it. And like, that was like an hour of my life. Go, why didn't I say anything? You know, I didn't say anything because they all outweighed me by at least 120 pounds. Yeah. Morbidly. Morbidly obese in their 20s. Primary their life, you know, should be running down the beach like they're in Baywatch carrying that little thing, whatever that thing was for. Like, what was that thing? That little football? I'm in the ocean. That's what I'm going to hang on to. You're going to put it in your teeth and fucking swim back with your big fucking heavy fake 90s titties. Like, we're not going to go down to the ground. It might as well put cement shoes here, right? We went with another dad and his kid. And his kid and our 50 minutes in was just hanging over. The fucking banister thing. And he's going, this is the most boring thing ever. It was like bombing and stand up for two hours and 40 straight fucking minutes. I remember one point I was sitting up on the thing because I finally had to sit down. And I was up on the top thing and I was sitting there. And I saw somebody walking down dressed as Super Mario. And I'm like, I know this bitch is going to tell me to get off this fucking thing. And I am not moving. And she just came up. She said, excuse me. Excuse me. Can you not sit on the chair? Could you not bring relief to your lower back after this ungodly wait for three and a half minutes of a semi-good time? It's why I love my wife. She was sitting on the lower one. And I was sitting there. And the dab we were with was looking at us, waiting to acknowledge the authority. And neither one of us did. And she just kept walking. Could you not sit on the chair? Could you just sit down? Just sit down. And she never did anything and we never fucking moved. I just looked at guys. I'm not fucking moving. What are you going to do? Throw me out and end this? So we finally get into like this room. And I go, hey, everybody, hey, hey, hey, hey, I fucking do it. And they bring us like a whole group of us. They're like, come on, everybody. I see space. I see space. Keep walking in. All right, we're looking at trash compactor things. From the movie you guys like, right? The fucking Star Wars. Right? Yeah, fucking. Yeah, buddy. Fucking Star Wars, man. Fucking live long with Chewbacca in your buck rod, your beanie, beanie shit, right? So there will be one person that comes up. Oh, let's Star Trek. They do that in Star Trek. All right? Star Trek has made the force be with you. Is that how you do it? Oh, wait, that's Hitler. It's hard. It's hard to keep him all, keep track of all of them. So we get in this fucking room. And then this poor woman, right? She's got like the drive through microphone. She's like, all right, everybody's in. OK. And we've been waiting for two hours and 40 minutes. And she has the fucking balls to go, all right? You guys ready to ride? The Super Mario ride? And the parents are like, yeah. Yes, we are. That was the entire purpose of this exercise. And you know the deal. When somebody says, are you ready? No matter how much she say you're ready, it's never enough, right? So we're standing there. She's like, oh, come on. This is the Super Mario ride. You can do better. Are you ready to ride the Super Mario ride? And everybody's like, with the last bit of fucking hydration we have in our body. Well, I, yeah. Yes, we are. Tell me where the dick is, and I will suck it. Please let this part of my life end, right? And then guess what happens? Nothing. Nothing, because the ride has not arrived on the other side. So now she has to fill her bust, and she's not good at it. Going like, this ride took over 75 fucking hours to whatever the fuck she was saying. And then it ends, and she starts again. All right, I hear it. I hear it. And she's like, are you guys ready? I remember there was this giant guy with this head that weighed as much as my body. And I could see him standing over everybody. And he was, I just saw this side of his face in the complete lack of synapses firing. And he's like squinting. And she was going like, are you fucking ready? Are you ready to get on the fucking Mario ride? And he was just like, he just opened his mouth and exhale. And he was like, ah! Right. And then she didn't. And she had the balls, the fucking cajones, to do it again. And he was like, hey, say you fucking ready. And finally, this one dead, who the only person with self-esteem left just went like, yeah, we've been waiting for two and a half fucking hours. He didn't say fuck. And she had the balls to be like, what? And he goes, we've been waiting for two and a half hours. And I hated myself that I didn't say, yeah. Exactly. What do you think we're doing here? This is a horrible experience. Not worth the wait. We realized that in our in 10 minutes in, but there was no way to get out. We were just surrounded. And there was metal on both sides. Just like the Ron Burgundy. I'm trapped in a glass house. How about motion? So finally, we get in there. We go into another fucking room. They close the door. And this fucking guy's talking. I can't even, at this point, I don't even remember what happened. Then we went to the final last thing. It's like, OK, this is where you got to put the thing on. And then put the glasses on. And then you got to fucking, this is shooting and all of this stuff. And then we got on. And it was like, fucking three and a half minutes. And the whole, that's it. And the whole fucking thing was over. And we, in there, I couldn't tell what I was shooting at and all this type. But I don't play, I'm not a video game guy. You know what I mean? I drank beers. I fucking hung out with the fellas. I could throw a ball. All right. I lived my childhood outside in reality. I didn't stay inside, friendless, jerking off, pretending. I was a Navy SEAL. Playing Siphon filter. Well, actually, I played that game. We ended up getting out of there, right? I'm trying to work on not cursing in front of my kids. And we sat down to eat a crusty burger. That the Simpsons part of the park. And I finally, my wife's going like, so do you want to go down and go on the Jurassic? Jurassic fucking Velassarometer fucking ride. And I just couldn't hold it anymore. I go, I'm fucking wiped. I can't. I still want to do this anymore. Like, you know, if this is like the end of the relationship, I'm actually, I don't know if I haven't in me to like save it. And if you just want to meet some other guy here with mouse ears that has a little better attitude about this type of things, like, I'm sure we can work on a financial settlement, but I am fucking out of here. Like, I can't, I literally can't fucking do this anymore. Oh, it's great when you leave. When you leave, they're like, fuck you. You got to go all the way out this way where all the fatties come in. They've got this wide berth. And you just got to walk all the way. You see in the shrubbery, it's so bad, because you can see like civilization. Like, oh, my god, look at those houses that have air conditioning and stuff. You should fucking just walk it out. But the best part was we got home. And like, my daughter fell asleep and everything, and she came in and her Nana was there. And she was like, how was it? And she was just like, it was unbelievable. And she totally flipped out and everything. I was like, all right, thank god. So it was worth it. So in a way, that was an endorsement. So.
If you are here tonight, thank you for coming. If you are not here tonight, welcome. It is of course okay that you couldn't make it and we've been thinking about you. Between the time this was recorded and now, several times and then exponentially more after the recording. Wherever you are starting now here, but well before now, there, know that you have been in our thoughts. Often this is something we only expect from those close family members and long lost friends. But here we are, a room full of strangers thinking about you. On your train to work in New York, your coat matches your shoes. Nice. In Sweden, riding your bicycle to the fish market, no cheeks flush with color. It's cold out there. I wish I spoke Swedish. So I could tell you something nice. In Texas, on your way to the barbecue restaurant, the one that sells cigarettes and makes fresh lemonade. We love that place. I wish I spoke Texas. So I could tell you something racist. You may have found us by chance or may have been looking for us in either case. We have thought about you specifically. You once said stand up is for crippled narcissists. Fine. You once said stand up is the only true art. Correct. Maybe not the only true art. Some say it's vegan pastries. Some say it's the apology email. Some say it's the rolling stop. Some say that the only true art is forcing the one thing that you know about a topic into a conversation about that topic regardless of whether or not it is constructive. But all of you are correct. And no, sign language is not universal. That couldn't be further from the truth. Not only are they all different, oftentimes countries have different sign languages. You would have been closer to the truth if you had said all verbal languages are the same. Why would you say that? It was very wrong and you said it way too quickly. Thank you for making me look that up. You're the crippled narcissist. Some of you are the same person from before. It's understood that you have only now began to think of us. We're not worried about any inequity in this relationship. We're happy to be thinking about you. And now you're here, thinking about us. It was the earliest you could have recently been expected to do so. Thank you for all of this for giving and thank you for thinking of us several times and then exponentially more after this recording. Alright guys, let's do this. Alright, thank you guys. Oh man. Oh man, I couldn't be happier with an honor. Thank you for being here. I couldn't imagine a better night. I'm just glad there wasn't a mass shooting today. I'm not worried about that. I don't know. I'm not worried about that. Guys, my name is Nate. I'm a good person. I just want to start off by saying that. You can't tell these days. Ladies, I mean, it's your world. Okay, I'm on board. I'm all caught up on handmaid's tail. I sit down to pee now. No, I've sat down to pee for a while. Smart phones ever since. I've pretty much been a hard feminist ever since I got my Galaxy S8. You got to be productive, fellas. Be productive. If you're not sitting down to pee, I don't know what the hell you're doing with your time. So, woman's economy, stay competitive. What are you doing up there? You're pissing on your shoes. That's what you're doing. You're up here pissing on your shoes. The rest of us are down here running several small businesses. Or a one-fourton-five hundred company. I'm doing most of my work on the toilet at this point. No, ladies, hopefully men are taking this opportunity to correct their behavior. I hated Pepe La Pue. I always hated Pepe La Pue. I didn't understand it. It caused me anxiety as a young boy. I was confused. I didn't know why this rape squirrel was... Who is this squirrel who rapes? And why is that what we have to do to enjoy our favorite time of the week? This squirrel who rapes. I know it was a skunk, but I was focused on the rape. I didn't have time to parse small mammals. There was a full-on rape going on. That's just a strange...it was strange. It taught me that men could be animals. Somebody did Pepe La Pue. Somebody made that. That's an odd legacy for an artist. It's a very strange way to handle your sexual deviancy. Illustrate them and show them to children. No, I'm a good person. I've always been a good person. I don't identify with jerking off in front of someone. I didn't know that was a thing. I've never tried it. If I had, I'd still be doing it. I wouldn't have been able to finish. I'd still be just yanking away. Like a lawnmower. I know I look like a performer, but I'm a little bit camera shy. I don't understand how you could just make somebody responsible for your deviancy. Never done anything like that. Low-level fuckboy shit. I hit on my chiropractors receptionist. That was a low point. Don't do that. What are you doing, buddy? You're not here to get shows. You're here to get looked at. Maybe take the day off, Stallion. What are you doing here at the office? Oh, well, I take classes at UCLA. I like to make my own jewelry. What do you do when you're not paying a medicine man to sort through your crumbling infrastructure? Good one. Well, I like to iron my money. I like to charge my Bluetooth. I like to keep my Bluetooth charged. I like to keep my Bluetooth fully charged. I'm an established elder statesman with lots of business to attend to via Bluetooth. I will tell anybody that will listen what it was like to write directions down on paper. Do you remember that? Of course you don't. I'll get out of here. That's not the exit. I'm back. Get it? No. I'm pretty sure I could vote when you were born. I'll see you later. You did used to have to write directions down on paper. It's a full of two generations that have no idea what I'm talking about when I say that. First of all, you were tethered to a wall. And you had to wait for the person at the place where you were calling to get back to their wall. Then they had to answer the phone without even knowing who was calling them. You might have to hear in someone's voice that they regretted answering the telephone. It's a part of socialization that has just gone away. And then if you could get their address from them before they thought of a reason not to give it to you, then you wrote it down on paper and you went and got marijuana. I tried to explain this to a 24-year-old recently. She looked at me like I told her I fought in the Korean War. She said, wait, how did you send text messages? How did you get text messages? You couldn't do it. Only the president could send and receive text messages on a cell phone the size of a refrigerator. From the basement of the Pentagon. No, but I got engaged. Thank you. Thank you. You've got damn right. No. Met my fiancee at a yoga studio outside of yoga. I followed her out of yoga. And she saved me from being the kind of person that would follow a woman out of yoga. Real quick. What'd you just say to me? Get over here. Do you do this all the time? Don't answer that. Yes, I'll marry you. No, I highly recommend it. Fellas, get yourself an alibi. That's what I say. A lot of accusations flying around out there, Fellas. You get yourself a character witness. And you do what they say. You find somebody you like what they like. Or you just find somebody you like what they like. And often I give a fuck whether or not you like what they like. You do what they say. And then maybe they'll testify on your behalf in a corner of the lock. Nate, why weren't you at the woman's march? Oh, well, my gal works real hard. So she wanted to sleep in. And as you put her feet in my mouth, how about that? I hosted the woman's march. I hosted one woman's march. How about that? Think globally at locally. That's what she tells me as she jams her foot in my mouth. Is that too much for the album? We can cut anything out. We can cut anything out. No, you know who I really feel for? I feel the most for Melania Trump because she's clearly a spy. She's the most spy looking spy that I've ever seen. Please, that is the most lizard looking. I spy with my little eye, the first lady in the United States of America as a motherfucking spy. That is a spy and she is sad because she can't do her job. She was trained to fuck in 20 languages or whatever she was trained to do. And she's just the most bond-villain looking bond-villain I've ever seen. If they were auditioning for a bond-villain and Melania Trump walked in, they'd be like, it's too much. We're sorry. Thank you, Melania. Thank you very much. Little on the nose. Thank you. We are going for subtlety and good luck you're doing great work, but not on this project. And she just, you see, or she just stands behind him. She's just like, oh, please, Vladimir, just let me use my knives, please. Why did you raise me in laboratory in active volcano if I can't use my knives? No, Melania, you've got to let Donald be Donald. Please, it's America. I enjoy ourselves. Just be poison one stepchild. I will just poison one stepchild. I'm so good at poisoning stepchild, and please, I will clip breakables on Air Force One and parachutes to safety in Bahamas, please. I've been in LA for 10 years now. I like it. I like it a lot. LA is perfect. It makes perfect sense to me at this point. Sure, plastic surgery is an ethnicity. But it just, you know, it's New York if New York was in Hawaii. And that's, you know, it's disorienting because you're like, why act? And like that, you know, it's like, hey, man, why act? Oh, you've been in traffic for four hours for the last 30 years? Okay, I get it. Every day for the last 30 years. Okay, that makes sense. There is a lot of plastic surgery in my neighbor. There's a lot of plastic surgery. And I just, I feel bad for plastic surgeons. Because you never see the victories. You always see the losses. I mean, you never miss it when somebody looks like an armadillo with a human mouth, you know? But nobody ever shouts out their plastic surgeon, you know. People love their dry cleaner in LA. Every dry cleaner I go to, there's headshots all over the floor. LA, why do you think that your dry cleaner gives a fuck about your career? It's so strange. I've been in dozens of dry cleaners in LA. I've never recognized a single headshot. If you are dropping off your own dry cleaning, your dry cleaner doesn't watch your headshot. Okay? You think you booked one Bud Light commercial. The victory parade starts as your dry cleaners. And I've never seen your Bud Light commercial. You've seen the TV in the back. It's either Telomundal or the Korean channel that I don't know. I've never seen that channel outside of a dry cleaner. I like my neighborhood. I live next to a yacht club. I live next to a yacht club in a rent control department. Because I like to keep rich people on their toes. I like to make eye contacts while I hang my laundry from my patio furniture. I live next to a yacht club because gentrification is a problem. So I'm not afraid to live in a neighborhood that is nice and has always been nice. I don't need my neighborhood to have been taken from generations of Latino families. Or in this neighborhood's case taken from generations of Korean families who took it from generations of Latino families. Is this too close to home for some of you? Or should I say too close to someone else's home? Sure. What I like from my yoga studio to have been a food pantry? Of course I would. Would I like to go to a chocolateeer that used to help single mothers do their taxes? Obviously I would like that. But some of us have to diversify Marina Del Rey, California. It's a nice neighborhood. I get jump in some neighborhoods. Any neighborhood with graffiti on the trees? Why the trees? I'm willing to bet that your target audience does not read trees. Any neighborhood with a boost mobile store? I like 12 liquor stores can't hurt a community like one boost mobile store does. Why are we letting boost do this to our communities? As far as I can tell, boost mobile only works at bus stops on speakerphone. There's no way to communicate. I stay in my car. So I don't get sucked into a conversation that was not meant for me. Anybody here like to put your phone on speaker in public? Any other full blown psychopaths in the world? Who do you think you are? Who the fuck do you think you are? That you're going to make us listen to the whole thing? You're going to make us listen to both sides of this bullshit? How far up your own ass do you get cell phone reception? That you're going to make us listen to both sides of this bullshit? Don't get me wrong, I like technology. That's a good sign. I like technology. I'm not that good with it. I don't want to brag about being stupid, but I might have voted for Donald Trump if he'd told me that I would never have to download Adobe Flash. I would never have to download Adobe Flash Player ever again. Please make it stop. I can't be the only one having this much trouble with Adobe Flash Player. I'm pretty sure last week Adobe Flash Player told me I needed Adobe Flash Player to use Adobe Flash Player. Please make it stop. But he did not promise that, so he's a racist psychopath. Again, I love doing this. That joke from millennials. They're just like, you just go into preferences and you can shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. Just give me another Flash Player. Somebody invent a new Flash Player. I don't know how to be better invention than most of the stuff on the market. Not in favor of self-driving cars, I think that's a bad idea. First of all, nobody in this room has ever felt confident sitting down on a toilet with a sensor on it. Never one time. Yeah, because you knew you were going to get the fire hose. You knew you were going to get public toilet water inside your body. And it doesn't leave you. You don't come back from that. I got toilet water from the Milwaukee Airport from six years ago inside me right now. But that's what we're doing with our inventions. We're putting toilet water inside each other. I don't know, I think we can no longer tell the difference between an invention and an idea. Used to be easier. Here's a question. Which came first? The hose or the straw? I didn't know either. But I was pretty sure I could invent the second one. It's the same thing. It's just smaller and backwards. I looked it up. It was the hose. The hose was patented in 1668. The straw wasn't patented until 1885. Which means that for over 200 years people walked around like assholes. Drinking their gin tonics through a goddamn garden hose. Because they lived in a magical time when there was no difference between ideas and inventions. Anything could happen back then. People had shame and humility and they didn't think they could run up and patten a short straight backwards hose for their gin tonics. Before sliced bread. That's when that was. Magical time. They always talk about since sliced bread. They won't shut the fuck up about everything that happens since sliced bread. But can you imagine what it was like living in a time when portioning a loaf of bread made you a force for change in the world? Oh my god. What else was still available? You know? It's a magical time. Since sliced bread nothing. Nothing worth a fuck. If the twist tie, fine, the twist tie. You need the twist tie otherwise your sliced bread is all over the floor. Couple things. What? White out? Oh good. You figured out that selling a gallon of paint and half ounce bottles was going to be... ...profitable for your families. Now your grandson gets laid in cancun three times a year. Congrats on your pat and munchingly go fuck yourself. A lot of supply side inventions, you know. Not anything that we need just something that somebody came up with and got somehow gotten to the market. And that's what we're stuck with. You know blankets with sleeves. Bottled water and shit. Supply side inventions. I don't know how some of this shit make. Look at me in my fucking face. And tell me that the market demanded self driving toilets. Look me in my fucking face and tell me that at a bowling alley you need self driving toilets. You can't even keep doors on the stalls. I'll flush the toilet. I rented the shoes. I'll flush the toilet. At a bowling alley. Bush. Bush. I got it. Every time. I don't need spare me the public animal. Thank you. But that's what we're doing. We're putting toilet water in each other. I don't know who's inventing this shit. I know exactly who invented the automatic toilet flushing system. His name is John T. Barrett. Pat number US479179. I googled it in a bathroom stall with my pants around my ankles because I want him dead and I want his family dead. You are putting toilet water inside me, friends? Oh. Buddy, you do not deserve your mansion. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's just any asshole with Wi-Fi can be fucking in order to be cheap. We already had self driving cars. They're called trains. Trains. That's what trains are. That's what they're going to walk this back to. Because these things, the robots are going to keep killing people and they're going to have to keep... What if we put them in a row? On a track? We'll put them on a track. Oh, that was trains? Okay, that was trains. Does anybody got the patent on trains yet? What about trains with sleeves? Leonardo da Vinci. Yeah, see that back then? Anything was possible. Leonardo da Vinci got credit for over 500 inventions. Most of them were just drawings in a notebook. I think that's awesome. I also think the word doodle hadn't been invented yet. Because that's not how shit works now. The reason is he was at... He lived an amazing life. He was a military contractor and a member of a painter's union. Oh, wow. That was life. That life does not exist anymore. You either fly drone strikes or you like watercolors. You either murder people with robots in the sky or you paint sailboats. Can't do both. Not anymore. You want to murder people with robots in the sky. The first thing they do is make you turn in your watercolors. The military knows painters make shitty killers. Also, if your painters are your killers, there's not much left to fight for. But can you imagine that getting credit for just just being in history for your... Your trapper keeper? The patent troll. That's when he invented the patent troll. God forbid you made a prototype of a tank out of iron and steel. Sorry. Leo da Vinci drew a picture of a rifle sticking out of a turtle shell. So we're going to go ahead and give him credit for the weapon that wins World War II. Once you take your non-functioning lawnmower back to the river peasant. We still let one guy invent everything though. Steve Jobs, you know, there's a perfect example. Good invention. The iPhone. Changed society. Supply side invention. The iPhone screen. Because now all you iPhone people are trapped. You have to go to the Apple Store twice a year because it's the new DMV. And... You've got to get your screens fixed. I've never seen an Android with a crack screen. I've never seen an iPhone that didn't look like it had been beaten with a sock full of nickels. And people are viewing the world through the shattered windshield of a fatal car crash. I could throw my phone out the window of a moving cart. You'll look bounce back into my hand bit conversation. There's nothing left to invent anymore. Nothing left for assholes to invent anymore. Vaped flavors. You could invent vape flavors. That's the last thing. There's a healthy market out there for ruining everybody's favorite childhood candy flavor. I used to vape before it was cool back when there was only one vape flavor. The original vape flavor. Other people's fajitas. It's the best. It's the best. And everybody loves it. It's a hit. There's nothing better than when somebody else's fajitas walk in the room. Oh, I'll vape the shit out of your fajitas. Oh god. Not cool, they would say, as I hovered over their fajitas. You'll see, I told them. And I was right. I was right. Because now we live in a vape-based economy. And all the kids are hooked. Every kid in America's got a car battery in their pocket that they pull out and feed into their neck. And then make a sit in it. Vaped orcs, can you just blow it over your shoulder? I would be fine with vapes if you just smokers blow it over their fajitas. And then just smokers blow it over their shoulder. You people trap us. And you're caught in candy basement. It's disgusting. Did I just taste your lungs? Why would you make that happen? Why would you make that, Andrea? What is on the bottle? Because I taste butter scotch flood damage. That's what I taste. How do they sell it to you? Well, this year's called Dennis' Office Toothpaste. Everybody else around you tastes a Senate candle and a drainage ditch. To you, it tastes like experiment. Weed vapes. Love weed vapes. Weed vapes are the best. Smoked out weed. Weed is actually still not legal up in the entire country. It's hilarious to me. You can eat weed now. You didn't use to be able to eat weed. I can eat weed again. The dose is just right there. It's beautiful. Used to be real Russian roulette eating weed back in the day. Yeah, it was not advisable. I would do it. It was not advisable. You didn't put one bullet in a revolver. You put five bullets in the revolver. Maybe you didn't shoot yourself in the face. Because you put your hippie friend in charge of the weed butter. You might have a nice day in the park. You might find out you were allergic to your own brain. Yeah, yeah. I have a demon allergy. I found that out early on. I allergic to my demons and brownies with marijuana in them unlock the gates to hell. Eating weed was like the stay puff marshmallow man. Candy strong enough to murder you with childhood memories. I used to eat weed like Asians drink. It didn't agree with me and you could see it on my face. Thank you for laughing at that. That's a joke about Asian glow. If you don't know what Asian glow is, well then which one of us is being more racist right now. It's because Asians have a more common alcohol allergy to get rosy in the cheeks. Sure. It's because they're genetically more pure. Sorry Nazis. They are. They didn't diversify like some ethnicities and that's the process through which humans build up a tolerance to poisons like alcohol. So if you're good at drinking, it's because you're a mud blood pig person. You should probably get yourself a banjo. Now everybody does something though. I eat weed or crossfit, people like to do crossfit. Crossfits like if a panic attack was a lifestyle. It's community service without the community. I don't do crossfit. I just help my friends move. That's really what crossfit is. Do you like helping your friends move but don't have any friends? Crossfit. I just like my activity to have a point to it. You know I want a hoop or a net. I want to trick my body to think there's a reason for this bullshit. You know something to go against. Even yoga it's you versus whatever awful mixtape the instructor has put together for you. Whatever hour and 15 minutes of world music she's assembled over eight trips to burning man or some shit. Trying to learn how to meditate for the first time. She pops in a 90 minute bongo solo from her ex boyfriend. Who put this woman in charge of my spirituality? Some of you think you maybe never tried yoga but you have if you've ever tried to take a shit in a airplane bathroom. Mirror. Mirror. Mirror you get real in touch with yourself doing airplane yoga. I do like sports. I'm a big football fan. Excited for football season. Every time I watch the NFL I realize how far away I am from a career in the NFL. Last season I saw a guy run a kick back for a touchdown and it's the hardest thing I can imagine doing in sports. As he got into the clear the last 30-40 yards you know he watched himself on the jumbo track. If I see myself reflected in more than one mirror at one time I lose control of all my motor skills. This dude is running from 11 300 pound murder machines. Still has time to watch television. His self on live television. If I see myself on the security monitor at 7 11 I'd belly flop into a Dorito round. My career in the league is over. You ever see yourself on the monitor? You never do anything cool you know. Never do anything productive on the security monitor. You catch yourself catching glimpse of yourself. It's just a ghost of Christmas present. You're showing your life to you. Oh there you are Nate again. Hunched over a counter just a failed pile of a consumer. Inaccurate inefficient taking tube socks back to a Walmart on a Wednesday afternoon. Good lord but yeah go ahead scratch your leg with your other leg. This is really happening. Did we try to find it? Why you trying to find it? For those of you listening at home I just played a video of an ostrich chasing a man on a mountain bike. Now I couldn't be more supportive of the players. I don't know this whole anthem protest. It's clearly an important moment. There's clearly a problem in society. One in 15 black men are in prison right now. One in 15 white men are at Starbucks right now. And if one in 15 white men were in prison, prison might have Starbucks. Why people just act like you know a little bit right? The players aren't complaining because somebody put pickles on their hamburgers right? People are getting shot in the fucking streets with taxpayer money. I don't know maybe all the good cops became firefighters. I don't think that's true but you never see a firefighter beat the shit out of an old lady he saved from a burning building. Stop smoldering man. You never see a firefighter tas a cat out of a tree. Why people are acting like black people should be acting. If there was a black NRA I would join it today out of principle. Why people are losing it. Couldn't even handle when they did in zone dances. NFL players couldn't do an in zone dance for 20 years. That was a dark time in the league. I can't think of a better time to dance than when you score a touchdown in the National Football League. You score a touchdown in that NFL. You should have to dance for 90 seconds. This should be how they determine the extra point. No more kickers. You could make a kicker dance. You could put a helmet on a skinny white dude make him do the worm real good. Seven points. Fat kicker please. Make a fat kicker dance. Nothing will bring the country together like a fat kicker dancing. Why? Why do we care so much about football players? Why does it shake us to our core? I don't know why we get so pure tanical. It's not the Vatican. It's mortgage.bank. That won't be the same name field in five years anyway. We will bulldoze Indian burial grounds to build a Chipotle. I can't watch a wide receiver salsa dance and buffalo. I can't watch a wide receiver salsa dance. I can't watch a wide receiver salsa. Yeah white people are losing it. I can say that I have a white friend. White people stay in the pocket. You're going to be okay. You're going to be okay. You don't have to retreat into your lizard brain. The elected a tantrum. Build a wall. Mexicans are digging tunnels. If you're going to be racist, be a smart racist. You're just gonna make them feel better about their tunnels. Whoa, we're specks of dust hurling through the universe. Nobody knows the answer. I'm whining about toilet water. But you might as well build a door in the woods. You might as well build a door in the woods. Lock it if it makes you feel better. Kids and cages, you should be ashamed of yourself. You're fucking losing it, white people. Yeah, damn. What are you scared of? What do you think is gonna happen? Rapists? They fucking came through thousands of... Hundreds of miles, thousands of miles of rocks and fucking sand. In the heat, the moon, if the moon was the sun. Not for air conditioning? Not for a job to make a better life for their family? No, to rape. Definitely to rape. That's how bad Mexicans want to rape. Fucking corny, white lie, fucking assholes. Nobody wants to fuck your sloppy mall daughters. If there is a race war, I just hope they don't settle it with a race. My people will lose that. I don't care how much crossfit we do, we're losing that. You know who would win that race, the ostrich. The ostrich would win that race, hands down. I don't know why there's no football teams with an ostrich for a mascot. Real quick. They're the fastest animal on two legs and it's not even close. I did see a video of it. It turned my world upside down. Did you know an ostrich can run 15 miles an hour with no arms? When was the last time you tried to run full speed with your arms behind your back? Give it a shot, you lose all your teeth. Just running with its neck, just up here, just a feat of engineering. Just fucking going, man. When we made up this horrible lie about the ostrich that they're cowardly, that they stick their heads in the sand, they don't. Female ostrichs will turn their eggs with their faces. It's a pretty hard core, actually. And then the rest of them have to get out of view because their heads, they got those big food faces, they're 20 feet up in the air. They're like a balloon at Coachella that you find your friends with. Lions and tigers like, meet me at ostrich for a lunch. They're out there, man. They're nature's kick returner. How are they not at least one football team? Just dipping and diving, just running. Not in the cage didn't van wonder when they stopped serving brunch at the resort. They're out there, running for their lives. They'll run up next to you on the highway, wink at your girl. Turn your head for a second, ostrich is taking your girl to Denny's right up under your nose. And she'll be back. Because he's an ostrich. But you're going to have to hide that from your families. And you better hope that on your wedding day, you don't have to sick your groomsman on some emotional ostrich outside the church. Dipping and diving, doesn't care about your groomsman. They're running from lions and tigers and bears for millennia. Treat your groomsman like a goddamn cone drill, alright? Stepping on your tin cans on your honeymoon mobile. Clocking promises that your girl threw a rolled up window. What's he saying? Your mother-in-law will scream. Ostrich's taste good. I'm impressed that they're still alive. Horrifying feet, the ostrich. Oh, you thought I was done? Traxed our legs, dinosaur feet. That ostrich has no business leaving the house in the morning with its feet uncovered. No, if there is a race for the price, I'll look with a saw rifles. I think it was 20, maybe 25 mass shootings ago. I got into a fight with a kid on Facebook because I'm a grown man that gets in Facebook fights. He told me that my car was just as dangerous as an AR-15 assault rifle. I said, hold the fuck on. You're having an O5 Honda Accord. One of the windows doesn't work. Okay, 19-year-old from Arkansas, let's talk about this for three hours. I'm not good at time management. All right, I mean, it's not even realistic. We've lost something in this country. I'll pretend. If I wanted to kill as many people as I could with my O5 Honda Accord, I would get in it. I would go to Walmart and I would buy an AR-15 assault rifle. Because those things are fucking meat ruiners. We know it. It's ridiculous. You don't hundreds of millions of Americans who get to work every day riding their AR-15s. Fucking idiot. This is not realistic. These are poor shit lies that you're telling us. You don't need two assault rifles to raise four kids in the suburbs. It's nonsense. We have these fucked-ups. I don't buy into this good guy with a gun fantasy. That's just some poor shit that they tell men with no law enforcement experience, no military training so that they can entertain some fantasy about saving a shopping mall. They wouldn't shoot the cashier at Gat-Zooks while they were trying to get their head sweatshirt. If you don't feel safe without an assault rifle, it tells me a couple things about you. First of all, you never made clean contact with a pinnacle. You were straight air balls the whole time. Nothing but air. You didn't make clean contact. One time, other kids did the damage. They got candy. You got tears. It taught you to hate yourself. It taught you to hate Mexicans. I don't want you around guns. I definitely don't want you around people with your guns, man. Those people don't have your candy. The people that take your candy are long gone. If they did, you would just ruin the candy because your new whiffle ball bat shoots 800 rounds per minute. All right, let's lighten the mood. A Borschen. I support a woman's right to an abortion, obviously, mostly because I have paid for one. And when you go to the school, you root for the team. Yeah. Learned a lot from that. First of all, if men could get pregnant, you could get an abortion at a fucking ATM. It's not even realistic. That's if men could get pregnant, part of becoming a notary public would be learning how to administer an abortion. You could go to FedEx and get your weekends back. We'd be giving them to each other. No guy in this room would be like, oh, I guess I'll just do what the good book says. Get the fuck out of here. It's just men controlling women. I don't care how Christian you are. If you needed one win to make your fantasy football playoffs. And Tom Brady got pregnant. You would want that handled in the locker room like a sprained ankle. Light on me all you want. Just don't lie to yourselves, gentlemen. I learned a lot from that. When the told me she was pregnant, it's like, all right, well, this is more difficult for you than it is for me. So I support what you want to do. Whatever you choose, I support. I just want to do, I just want you to know that I want what you want. She looked me dead in the face. She said, oh, that's nice. But what I want is for you to know that I don't give a fuck what you want. And I fell in love because I knew shit was going to get handled. That is some gangster ass shit. That's not how somebody that wants to start a family with you talks to your face. I don't understand our obsession with guns, but I do understand the fear component. Because our brains don't give a shit about us. We're not even in control in the least bit. I grind my teeth. That's something a lot of people do I think. I did it my whole life and I used to wait my pain. I used to pop my teeth. I have to wear these big stupid things. Because when I go to sleep at night, my brain eats my teeth. Eats my teeth. That's the worst thing you can eat. That's above glass and concrete. Glass has food value. You need your teeth. You have to have your teeth. Cavemen, you broke your jaw, you died. You couldn't even help through a straw. There was no jambajus. Now I could get new teeth, but my brain doesn't know that. So it's just altogether destructive. And I understand. I understand that we are just limited by our own existence. I saw a guy in a Nissan Versa with a Hawaii license plate, not in Hawaii. Which means that he bought a boat ticket for a Nissan Versa. And I just want to say, man, you got a trust. You got to trust yourself to get to another Versa. You're going to get there, man. Life is a series of Versa. It's a $1,500 boat ticket. It's at least half the value of a Nissan Versa. What are you doing? You can't do that. I'm not saying, I'm a ditch it in a parking lot walk away. Like there's a bomb in the trunk. I'm saying, get on Honolulu Craigslist. Flip that Versa. It's probably a very nice Craigslist in Honolulu. Have a little fun. Get a couple things for the road. Flip your Versa. Add it to your Versa boat ticket money. Find a new Versa. Start a new life with a new Versa. That's in the same place in life as you are. That wants the same things that you do. There's other fish in the sea. But you don't want any old fish. You want your Versa. You got it in your head that that's the only Versa. A little it is. The only Versa in the sea. There's never been another Versa on a boat before. You made that happen, friend. That is a prison of your own design. You got emotional about your first Versa. I started sailing it all over the goddamn Pacific Ocean. And now you're stuck in Nebraska with a Versa that can't stop thinking about Hawaii. But it's hard to trust yourself. It's hard to trust yourself. Your brain will do whatever it wants. I went skydiving. And I was always told that skydiving felt like flying. It does not. You are definitely falling. You are falling very fast. But you have a small French woman on your back. She is the only thing that's going to save you. And you are very happy that she's there. What happens is you fall for long enough that your brain tricks you into thinking that you're flying. Well, okay. If your brain can trick you into thinking that you're flying, then your brain can definitely trick you into thinking that you're falling. One of those things you do naturally. And I don't know why folks just fall slower. Maybe you don't get the F maybe just get the F-150 next time. Maybe you don't eat the whole dessert pizza tonight. I'm sorry, but it's not Mexicans fault that you didn't make the payments on your pontoon boat. And it's not about race, but I don't know. Somebody tell white people that it's about class and consumerism and just this fucking absurd culture that we're living. I travel the whole country. In the last couple of weeks I was in Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Wisconsin, Illinois, North Carolina. And every fucking exit on every fucking highway has a Bob Evans and a fucking cracker barrel. And Mexicans didn't do that, dude. They got you juiced up on this life. You are just preferred customers, man. It's not. You can make it from Salt Lake City to Pittsburgh only using drive-thruce. Okay, Mexicans didn't do that. And I get double digit mailers a month. For you get those invitations from banks to just ruin your own credit. I don't like those. I don't like how much they know. I don't like their tone. I just feel like they're just calling me an asshole every time. Hey, Nate, banks here. Listen, we saw that you had a little money. We were one or enough maybe we should have it. Hey, Nate, banks again. Listen, we sat down with our lawyers and crunched a few numbers. Turns out you are our kind of dipshit consumer. How'd you like to borrow $10,000? You pay us back $13,000. Or you take your time with it. You pay us back $97,000 fucking dollars. How about it, Nate? Huh? We just want you to have any little horseshit. You set your little heart on. Any old little trinkets or nonsense? Yeah, you could finance things you don't need or you could finance things you don't need to finance. We're a one-stop shop for horrible financial decisions, huh? How about it? Yeah, you ever charge a lap dance online? We support that. How'd you like to finance five years worth of almond milk? We saw you did that in 2006. Nate, how'd you like to buy a house you'll never own? How about it, huh? You want to be underwater on a house? Huh? We're the goddamn beach. Nate, why don't you rent your rims? Nate, we just want you to have the most least valuable shit you could possibly own. Would you please rent your hubcaps? Got dammit, huh? Nate, don't just not own your car. Not own several parts of your car. Originate several bad investments. Assemble an entire vehicle out of horrible financial decisions that your own transformer do you like science fiction, Nate? It's Optimus Subprime. How about it, Nate? It's a car that you own that turns into a car you don't own anymore. Maybe I should go back to checkbooks. Can you be here to still use a checkbook? Yeah. So I got to pull a checkbook out in the express lane at the grocery store. Exactly. Now, next time that happens, just forget about your afternoon. Take a step back. You watch the rest of the line lose their minds. There was four people in front of me. They all folded their arms and started looking for eye contact. Like, oh my god. Checkbook. Are you seeing this? Checkbook. Please. I'll five. Checkbook. Get in the game. I'm going to need you to stare through the back of this man's skull for the duration. Oh my god. Dying your shoes old man. You'd die on your shoes in front of my son. He was palpable hate. And he was like 80, 90, maybe never sent an email. If you've outlived your life expectancy, 25 items or less does not apply to you. You'd do what you got to do. He was awesome. He had fun with it. He clearly liked to do it. He likes to press pause on people's day. He stared him down a little bit like, oh, oh. Does anybody have a pen? I'm sorry. Am I putting you out right now? Why don't you stop counting the items in my cart? How about that? What do you, a narc? They made one big can of fish out of bought it, but they don't so I had to buy 40 small ones. Oh, nice start counting shit. How many worthless generations am I looking at right now? 34, 45. What are you 19 back there? Checkbook. GoogleTube. Learn something cupcake. It's a contract between people from back and we're worth a fuck. Well, I don't need the date sweetheart. I got it here in my paper hand calendar. You guys, that's been it. I've been named. Thank you so much you guys. Thanks guys. You You
What up, Mike Young here. Detroit Native, living in LA 16 years. Comedian, writer, director, directed two movies nobody really saw. That's okay, maybe I'll get to direct another one. Everybody in LA has got a film fun. Right now priority number one, get a new hour of material and do a special. That's all we want is comedians is a special. That's it. Right now I'm going on stage in 15 minutes. Fan, how you doing, man? Mike Young, I'm on it in 15. Just want to rest up. I'm going to check in right in front of me. Oh no, man, I'm a regular here. I'm on the wall between Sag and Kinnison. Mike Young. Who the fuck is Mike Young? Being single is exhausting. You got to be in physical shape, mental shape, verbal condition. You got to talk. It's fucking words everywhere. I got to get a girlfriend just so I could shut up again. I cannot wait to be quiet and competition is real out there in the streets. It's real. Guys are out there in tight shirts and hair gel everywhere. Me and this one guy were talking to the same girl. He tried to hit her with like an athletic achievement and a hand touch. I had to come back strong with a sensitive story and a back rub. I don't play games. Then he tried to come out with like a business I was going to make millions. I had to go right to a lie. I'm like my family invented the table. You ever heard of the table, bro? It's kind of a big item player. Yeah, I'm Mike Table. Google me. Walk away. Now it's over. Hi. Paul texted and wanted to know what time basketball was. And I think your mom called, but it just had home. Baby, you can't check my text. That's invasive. You're going to have sex with me, but I can't check your phone. Those two things have nothing to do with each other. They do to me. Don't worry, Mike. I'm not going to let me to you or anything. Oh my god. How could you even say something like that? We had a great night, a great consensual night. Two pillows each. Both slept great. I got you water twice in the middle of the night. Hot coffee in the morning. I love the songs. I cannot hear that song right now. I know you dated this girl by how. What do you mean how? You dated Caroline and you were reading glasses and you drive a Honda Accord. Honda Accord's motor trend car the year three years running. You have major trust issues. Didn't we talk about this last night? We just met last night. Two kinds of girls, over 30 under 30. There is a distinct difference. Over 30 they got their ship figured out. Yeah, they're here talking. They know what they want. If there's a one night stand, it was a one night stand for her too. She didn't want to be there either. She's a grown woman, bro. You got used. You got used. It happens. Every now and then you will get used. Here's a hint, fellas. Anytime everything you say works, it's not you. Just a little tip from single Mike. It's a grown woman. She will tuck you in like a child and leave with carry out. She doesn't care. You looked up, she was in your toaster oven making a chicken case idea. You didn't even know you had chicken. Not under 30. Oh, young girls, they'll stay for the weekend. They don't give a shit. Ah, they move right in. They don't leave. They act like their parents struck them off for a slumber party. It's 12 o'clock in the afternoon like what's for lunch? A taxi sandwich. You have to go. You don't live here burrito is what we're having today. All right, you're having an uber salad, uber salad. Well, young girls, they got so much energy too. Under 30, energy for days. All they wanted to, let's go to the after party. I'm exhausted. Is anybody tired? I'm not going to the after party unless they're soup. How good is soup? It's like you're already in bed. I love a good soup. If there's French onion soup, I'll eat you're pussy and call your uncle. It's the best soup I ever had. Who makes that soup? I'll eat the cheese and throw out the soup. I'll sleep in that soup. Under 30. They want a play fight. I'm a grown man. All right, don't put me in a headlock. You just pinched a nerve. That shit hurts. Yeah, now I'm hurt. I got a softball game Thursday. My team needs me. I'm a three time off star. You don't just put me out of the game. Punch me in the stomach. That's how Houdini died. You could kill somebody. You don't just punch people when they're not looking. Under 30. Even in bed, women get better as they get older. These younger girls are doing shit they see on the internet. I don't even know what these moves are. I can't keep up. I don't know your move. This girl is crawling on the edge of the bed. I was like, yo, did you lose your wallet? Where are you going? What are you doing in my hallway? This doesn't even make sense. None of this is fun for me. Come back. Fuck it. Get the mail. Let it come back. You work for me now. I don't know what these moves are. These young girls, but they grew up on internet porn. That's not real. All right, it's not real. You don't have to spit everywhere. Quit spitting. It's not a spit fest. You're drooling like a kid. All right, relax. Stop it. Over 30. They just got their shit together. You know what I mean? I'm not afraid to pull out toys in the bedroom. They'll pull them out right there. They don't care. I was with one girl. She had a whole droplet of shit. I panicked. Yeah, I was involved in a threesome. I was the only human being. I didn't know what to do. All right? I was in the corner with a remote control car. What am I even doing here? She had real toys. She said, let's do it again. I'm like, let me finish my Lego castle. It's a wrap, man. I'm done. The single life's going to kill me. Whoa, slow down, all right? You got to stay unsettled. I'll be the settled guy. If you settle down, then I don't have any stories. And I need them to live through. Any chance you're guys are going to get the money for my movie? Oh, yeah, it's a lot. I mean, these guys have to make $12,500,000 movies by the end of being here. I would love to be one of those movies. I know. Can they get me a friend pass on Raya? You verified? I don't even know what that means. Wow, then you got to be richer, famous. Is there a section for potential? No. Fuck, Raya. Who wants to go on a site with nothing but beautiful girls? My next relationship, I got a quick mistake and crazy for interesting. Every guy's done it. Oh, you're so spontaneous in full of life. This goes the life of the party. Look at her go six weeks in. Wow, you're bipolar. This is real shit. This is so real. You don't like me. I like all the different views. Bring back Sunday. Sunday just reads and relaxes. Tuesday will kill you on a Wednesday. I'm done with fast, explosive relationships. We've all had it though. You ever have one of those where you do everything in a week and you never talk again? Just doing all right away. We met. We fought. We had great sex. I got your brother a job. We never talked again. We did it all. I talked to my doctor. I got low T. It's real. You don't have low T, Bobby. You got a low T life. You got the perfect amount of T for your life. You're married to a great girl. You stay inside most of your life. You don't want my T. Give me the antler, Mike. I know you got it. I'm not giving you the antler, Bob. This is what kept Barry Barnes out of the hall of fame. Trust me. This is what pro athletes are on. So why are you on it? Because being single in LA is a pro sport. Give me the fucking antler, Mike. All right, Bob. Two squirts only on the tone. Mike popped in the three-point line and I'll kick it out. Guys, when I go down low, find me. I'm just in the shoe. Ah, don't shoot it. Got it. Bob, you all right? Press it on. Let me ask you a question. How does it feel to take someone's idea and just sell it to a studio and make a fucking fortune? And you don't even reach out? I should take your shaved head and shave it again. Because you know what? I can do any fucking thing I want, because that's what I can do. I didn't steal your idea, Bob. I was working on making an afraid for years before we even met. Hey, we had naked. You added a frayed and sold it. I'm your dentist, Bob. The show is a fluke. I just saw your wife in the office on Thursday. Yes, I know. She came home swollen, you muller, fucker. She looks like a sad, crying, blowfish. Married friends versus single. All right. Married friends do not have my immune system. You can't do what I do, OK? You got kids, your kid walks in, sneezes, your whole family's a mess for a month. I make out with a stripper on a Wednesday just to clear my sinuses. I'm like a walking Z-pack. I couldn't catch a cold if I wanted one. Couldn't catch. I'm getting older, but I'm staying young. I'm keeping it young. I'm in a softball league, hockey league, basketball league. Yeah, I can't even work. I got an 80 game season. I got no time to work right now. Are you crazy? Playoffs are coming. Don't fuck around. We got to get that championship this year. It's probably not going to happen. My team's 0 and 8. We're terrible. We're like the bad news bears before they went to rehab. I got a right fielder hooked on diet pills. He's just shaking in the outfield, pulled a hamstring without even moving. Ow. I got a center fielder so stoned. He's like, wow, who cuts all this grass? My first basement thinks he's good. He's horrible. I should be pitching. You should be home. You're terrible. And he brings this girl to every game. Why do you bring your girl when you're terrible? That's like the opposite of showing off, bro. She's going to fuck the shortstop by accident. Quit bringing your girl. I got that one guy best dressed, worst athlete. Don't you love him? Guys got $500 worth of shit I couldn't catch a beach ball. Looks amazing. Just comes out smooth. He gets the ball. Yeah. But you keep my other team because his dad owns a sporting good store. Got to get free shit. My captain's still yelling at us. You ever get yelled at as an adult on a team? It's a little uncomfortable. Where is your speed, Mike? In high school, Pete. Who am I kidding? I'm getting old. I'm pulling muscles doing nothing. You ever yawn and get stuck? How's going on in the facial area? Do I just say I have a small section of my head dehydrated? What is happening right here? You're like, oh, I don't know. Ah. I was a kid. I could play Street Football for 10 hours, bounce off a car, a fender I was fine. Yesterday I pulled a neck muscle ordering food and looking left. I was like, yeah, let me get it. Oh, that's got to be something serious. Hold on, what's that, bro? Hold on, what's that? No, seriously, it's just in my lung area. It's floating in a rib. I'll be fine. Just give me a second. My boy's like, what'd you do? I'm like, oh, shit, I talked and turned. I can't talk and turn. He knew. He's like, don't do that, bro. You got to pause. You know, superhero. Are you crazy? There's air involved, man. Wake up. Can't just have run out sentences. What's up, Mike Young? Jason, what up? Just living. What's happening? All right, here's the deal. My boy Paul's got two hedge fund guys out of New York. They read my script. They love the movie. They say they want to fund the movie and maybe let me direct it. They've got to make $12,500,000 films this year. For some reason, they have to spend the money. I don't know, some kind of tax code. Rich people, shit. Will you please give them a call? You know, I will, baby. Look, if they got real money, put you in a three-pitcher deal. Slive my life story right inside that motherfucker. You know, there's some interest in shit before I manage it, Mike Young. My life will make a hell of a movie. Well, that's great. But can we work on making my movie first? Yeah, man. You didn't even need to ask that shit? Well, I feel like I do. I wish I didn't, but I do. I'll talk to you later, man. I'll see you this week. Hey, listen, you got to swing by the new crib. You don't love that motherfucker. All right, I'll talk to you later. MUSIC This is fucking bullshit, bro. One day she's in to me the next day radio silence. Things were going great. I don't think they were ever going great, Stevie. You're a disaster right now. Do yourself a favor. Go off the grid for six days, and on day seven she'll wake up calling you out of nowhere. Why seven days? Women have a clock in their head. They don't hear from you for six days. They wake up day seven. Everybody gets a phone call. Let's do this seven day thing in like seven days, because I told her we're going to help us set up a birthday party. So you're in? Absolutely not. But maybe. MUSIC You ever leave your friends and go, why are we still hanging out? MUSIC This table's got to be thinking that shit right now. MUSIC This poor guy has to be well done. MUSIC Just wondering how you got here. MUSIC I got one friend so lazy his goal was for me to make it. That's a bad goal. MUSIC I can't be your goal, bro. MUSIC Hello. MUSIC Well, I've fucked a rapper in my parents living room last night. You know what? I'm 100% on board with it. I need a shot. You know, put your pussy on time out, Heather. Seriously, you're going to get killed out there in this treat. Be careful. Women are the new men. I met one girl. She was married, dating, and sort of seeing somebody. Good for her. I'd love to meet her. You know what? I'm having a great time for your information. My divorce is final. I haven't felt this free in years. And I think I might really like this Devante guy. He's a beautiful person. He's a poet. He's fucking hot. Really? What happened to you just dating dudes around here? Oh, all my dick moved to Venice. That's literally the greatest sense I've ever heard in my life. All I'm going to write that down. Absolutely. Yeah, no straight white hedge fund dick is worth traffic on the town. I'll write that down too. Oh, do you want to come to the studio with me? Devante is recording a new song. You wants me to hear it? I love the studio. Are you kidding me? You can't go there by yourself. You look at your maid out of a fendee bag. You know, I've been thinking about Saturday night. Liz has a friend. I think she's a single mom. So we're probably better off doing like a low-key dinner, and then we'll turn it up in our chat. Hell no, bro. Single moms don't want fun and food. Single moms want cocaine and house music. Cocaine? And I had a good cocaine. Yeah, I don't do cocaine, but I can get cocaine. I used to open for Ron White, Dave Chappelle, Mike Epps. I can get you cocaine weed and a gun. Thursday at noon. I got friends going through divorce. If you're going through it, I'm sorry. It's ugly. You know what I mean? But quit trying to hang out with me. You're embarrassing me. All right, quit trying to hang out with single Mike. It's making me, you know what I mean? You don't have my immune system yet. You don't just go from divorce to single. All right, you got to stretch out for a month. Yeah, you got a weak system, OK? You got kids, your kid walks in, sneezes, your whole family's a mess for a week. I make out with a stripper on a Wednesday just to clear my sinuses. I'm disgusting. I'm like a walking Z-pack right now. I can't even catch a cold. I'm not proud of it. I'm going through a phase. Married friends, stop your vicarious living. All right, it's killing me. It's stressing me out. And I don't need your secrets. That's too many secrets. I'm not a vault. Not a vault. All right, fuck. Work on that bit. Am I divorce friends coming to hang out at the club? Just what are you doing? Take a minute. You know what I mean? Showing girls pictures of your kid's soccer team. What's wrong with you, bro? This girl's 26 years old. Break out the cocaine and tell a lie. She does not want to see the picture of the kid's soccer team. She was on that team four years ago. She's in the picture. What the fuck is wrong with you? Stop it. You're embarrassing everybody. The forced guys are depressing to watch, especially the forced guys with money. You see a divorce, a divorce rich guy? There are mess. That's where Granpa pussy came from. Yeah, I don't care what side of your eye. It doesn't matter. Granpa and the pussy was never the thing. You know what I mean? Fellas, you don't grab the pussy. You put your hand in the thigh and say a prayer. See what it happens. Say a light prayer. Next week I'm going to Vegas for a bachelor party. That should be terrible. Yeah, if you clap for Vegas, that means you've been once. That is the worst place in the world. Oh, you think you have fun, right? But then you get to Vegas. Every Vegas trip is the same. You're like, yeah, we're going to Vegas. We're going to make money. We're going to meet girls eight hours in the day one. Yo, broke. Give me the hell out of here right now. I don't even care how I get home. I'll hitchhike. Where are you going? Arizona, drop me off. I'll start a candle company. I'll start my whole life over. I've never been this suicidal before. You go to Vegas. You lose money. You ever lose money? Start rationalizing the trip. I'm trying to pretend you're even. You start counting shit up. It doesn't matter. No, brawm even. I got a free clothes sandwich and I swam. I'm killing it, bro. I saw white tigers. That's going to be too grand. I'm actually up $1,500. I went to the mirage. It's like a jungle. What's Africa? 20,000? Bro, I am killing at this trip. It's depressing losing money. There's always a guy that can take what he wants to give you advice that you need to be asked for. You're just thinking out loud like, oh, I should. I hit his six against a eight. Well, you got nothing to lose. And then you lose. I've never seen that before. It's a carotawatt. It's happening. My Detroit criminal mind kicks in. I'm like, I don't know if fucking snatch this guy's chips. And they party hard at Vegas. Yeah, they party too hard. Anytime it's 5 a.m., and you see a 70-year-old man moonwalking, go home, bro. Go home. Guys, have a more fun than everybody. Leave me a like, junior. What were I? When you single, everybody trusts you. Trust somebody else. As soon as you tell me a secret, my first thought is, who can I tell? I can't wait to tell somebody. Yo, what's going on, honey? Mikey, Mikey, Mikey. Have you seen the new girl upstairs in a pop before, dear? No, who is? Yeah, I can't really get into it. Building policy, I could fight. Dollar chain, right? But she used to be an adult. Don't actors. Now she's transitioning into real estate. That's an amazing transition. But she also still dabbles. Oh, you don't just dabble there, man. There's no half dabble in the house. She still dabbles. That's a tough dab. And again, I can't say anything because of building policy, but I fixed a washer and dry the other day, and then we're sex toys, everyone. Wow, man. That's an incredible story. Do me a favor, honey. While I have you here, can you please just check my washing machine, take a quick look at it. Let's make it a weird sound. Yeah. Yeah, not now. I'll stop back later. You got your work gloves, man? Yeah, no, I'll be back. I'll be back. You know what I say? Love the flaws. Just accept each other's flaws. You'll be good. You know what I mean? Foulish, just look at your girl like, oh, babe, that's so cute. But you yell at me about shit that never happened. So adorable. Keep losing your keys. I'm going to hold you forever. I'm so cute. Leave me having another game. Kill the whole family. I want to hold you. Come here. You're so pretty. What's up, Mike, young? Look at you. Working from home now, huh? Shit, yeah. I'm going to take shoes off. Yeah, man. Every day is casual Tuesday. You got to worry about nobody trying to spew my parking space as fucking quiet. Save a shit ton on gas. And you got to worry about other managers trying to steal my fucking clients. What's happening, man? You get it, Bill. Good, man. I'm good. How you doing? I'm good. You know, did you talk to Paul? Those guys getting the money for the movie, what do you think? Is it going to happen? Did you talk to him? Sepsy. Is it out, man? Relax. No. I'm going to slow play him. Let him call me a few more times. Make him hungry. Let him know you're busy. But I'm not busy. I'm the opposite of busy. I don't want to slow play. I need a quick play. All right, reverse psychology. Not the move on this one. I got something else I want to put you down with. Hit me out. So I sold a show to Discovery Channel. You sold a show? How did you sell a show? You're a manager. You know I love old cars, right? Yeah, but I think we're way off track right now, man. Did you know that in 1983, Corvette didn't make a car? What about my career? The plan's already laid. Just hit me out, right? They get. So I tell these cats, what if we design a 83-Vet? All of a charity every week. Motherfucker gets a car and his life together. It's like a make-a-wish for car lovers. Motherfucker's will love that shit. What do you think they said? They want me to direct. That's a done deal when we get going, baby. They said they want the show. And they want me to host that motherfucker. So you're telling me that my manager is hosting a show that he also created? God is good, Mike. Is nobody happy with where they are in life? My doctor wants to be an actor. My waiter wants to be a screenwriter. And my manager wants to do everything except manage me. If my doctor's too busy thinking about his one-man show, I could be dead. I couldn't drink it for a year. I'm back. I'm back. That's right. For a stupid year. I remember the whole year. You don't need to remember the whole year. You don't need to mean there's no reason for it. I got regrets. You don't need to remember my regrets. My one of these people is like, I got no regrets for what's good with life. You got no regrets. I just mean you're an asshole. I got no regrets. You ever noticed some more expensive to alcohol, the cooler the buzz? I drank Hennessy. I thought I was an 82-year-old black jazz musician. I started giving advice for no reason. I was like, you got to work hard, Jr. Ain't no shortcuts in life, playboy. But then you drink cheap shit like wild turkey. Like, I'm going to shoot a relative. You don't talk to me like that in a family function. I put this picnic on. And then you drink Jack Daniels. You ever drink whiskey? Some friend has an emotional outburst for no reason. Mike, I know you 20 years, bro. I killed for you, bro. You don't have to. I want to. I'm tired of waiting. Your father was a good man. You're like, he's not even dead. He doesn't care. They talk about events that didn't happen. Night grade football, we were in the trenches together. Together, Mike. Mike, I didn't make that team. He gets upset, fuck that coach. You were gifted. You were a true talent. We in the club, in the club. To A.M. She tried for 3 A.M. I beat it up. We in the club. For A.M. We were back to the club. They see the blue check. They know I'm terrified. Let me clarify. Nick is doing business. I made another break. Not talking 95. You got to rip them up. We never get in trouble. I saw my neck like I think of the other thing. You know, you saw a great man in the pocket, message clear, really saying something. Appreciate that, man. I appreciate that. I grew up on hip hop. Just saying, J.M. Master J was a friend of mine. Oh, J.M. Master J. I stole J.M. J.M. Master J. Damn, how old are you? I met him when I was a kid. Mike used to rap. My face is younger than my chest is. My face is younger than my chest is. My face is younger than my chest is. I'm old and I'm young all at the same time. Rap. Real? Yeah, man. Detroit 99. Shit was real. Seven mile. If she's in a 20s, take it down with the one. If she's in a 30s, bring it up with the two. If she's in a 40s, I don't even touch it. You could get lost in the jungle. What happened to the group? I've fight broke out in a club, scared my DJ into doing bar mitzvahs. Yeah, shit. All right. Also, my ex used to record here. Who's that? Carol Lane. Carol Lane? Oh, shit. Yeah, why is everyone so shocked that that was my ex? Am I uglier than I think? No. What are my boys produced there? Is that code for Slup With? Because I'll cry in a counting studio right now. Yo, too, man. Even like that. I knew music is dope though. I fuck with it. I'm going to go outside real quick, grab my sweatshirt. I'm freezing. That's your best friend? Yeah. You ain't fucking it. No. Get the motherfucking drown, nigga. What? Get the deck white, lightning. The Saint-Nor-Gay. I'm in the studio with Devante. Fuck Devante. The Saint-Nor-Red neighborhood, Cous. What's up with that shirt? You trying to say something out here? No, bro. The Red Wings are two and oh. It's the playoffs right now. Fuck hot. It's a great sport. You'd love it. For white people? No way, man. Are you kidding? P.K. Subans. What are the greatest players in the world? He's black. I totally dig the gang culture. I know a gang is just a family. Take that motherfucking shirt off, Cous. Ah. It's just a game. That's the only color you got. I'm a loyal fan. I grew up outside Detroit, so I still have criminal friends. Everybody's got one criminal friend they grew up with. You know what I mean? You're never shocked that he became a criminal. He's that guy that would take a regular prank too far when you were a kid. You'd be like, a man, let's throw eggs to the neighbors and we could throw the paper to the tree. We'll soap the door. He's like, hell yeah, then we'll kidnap her fat dad. LAUGHTER Come on, bro. I'm 11. I live alone. And girls, you love them. Girls, it's your fault. Girls love bad boys. They're like, he's so mysterious. You're like, no shit, he's slow. He's a mystery to himself. He's like, what's on his mind? Dust. There's nothing on his mind. MUSIC Should I come in? Fuck no, it's raining. Well, listen, I appreciate you doing this. I remember you from the open mics. You were super hilarious. I always heard you had a side gig going. This isn't my world, but it's my buddy's non-girlfriends birthday party. Turn and eat all the fucking details, so that you're doing me a favor. Put the money in the bucket. Last time I checked your traffic and stole a crime. This guy. Chef, fuck this back for Michael Dora. Tell you, guys, you're fucking genius. He goes down there for baseball, bats, and mocka powder. It comes back with pink cocaine and cacao. Fucking love the guys. A savage. I met him and fucking the half-loubs. You were in jail with the guy? Fuck no. He's the chef. He used to coming on Tuesdays, cooked for him, mob bosses, you know? All right, well, listen, man, I appreciate you. You're a funny dude. If you ever need help in comedy, maybe we need you some punch-up work. You don't have to do this so much, but Larry, you're the man. You shut your fucking mouth, all right? Enough with the names. There's nobody here, man. I'm in the rain freezing. Are you fucking kidding me? They're all over the place. Google's got a drone dedicated to him. Hey, be careful with that shit, all right? I gave some of my girlfriend her pussy started singing the national anthem. She wouldn't let me leave the house. I thought of fucking her and things. Let me tell you something, buddy. If you ever wrote down half the shit that comes out of your mouth, you'd be a huge comedian. Maybe she can do a different business. Let me know. Yeah. I'm telling you, write that shit down, bro. You got to go freak yourself. Is the weed business legal here yet? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. That's an excited yes. What a racket. It's a great racket. You ever wanted to dispensary the guy 900 cuts of weed, right? You walk in, you're like, oh, hot and low. The hippie dude behind the thing is like, what do you want to feel, bro? You want to be able to read out loud. You want to stay awake all night. You want to dream in color. You want to dream in black and white. You want to fuck your cousin's wife. How do you want to feel, bro? What do you want to do? You want to cuddle with your dog? What's up? I just want to get high, man. Now you can't even smoke weed because the weed's too powerful. You get high, now you just start cleaning. I clean. I'll start a maid service. I don't give a shit. I'll clean all day. And you never clean anything. You just straighten it out so it looks better. You're like, yeah, my whole place is fungus. Wayne out. Bam, look at that. Look at that angle. It's like, whatever happened on the old $25 bag dumb dumb weed. Remember the regular weed just get high. Go to Taco Bell, spend $13 for yourself. You walk in, you tell the catcher, I got $13 player. You're going to tap me out. You're going to do this together. I don't know what I want. It's Taco Bell. Everything's great here. Nothing's bad. There's nothing bad on your menu. Get yourself a toast out of you. You seem like a good kid. You come back from Taco Bell with a grocery bag. Best day you ever had in your life. You get high and you take your food all seriously. You're like, one, two, I'll eat you third. Yeah, why wouldn't I go burrito supreme third? I'll be right back. I'm going to put on a robe and no socks. It's the greatest day you ever had. What do they put in Taco Bell? You're going to Taco Bell think this is the best restaurant I've ever been to. I'm like, I don't know if I'm eating a burrito supreme or pussy in Hawaii. This takes exactly the same. I'll sleep here. The hell is in Taco Bell. I don't care if it's not healthy. I'm not on a diet. I live in LA. Everybody's on a fake diet. No carbs, bro. No carbohydrates. All I need is steak, peanuts, cheese, and guacamole. Yeah, bro. Guess what? Your organs are shutting down while you're talking. My body's like, dude, I feel great, bro. I feel lighter. I feel athletic. I don't know what that is, man. That's just right here. Nah. I'm fine, bro. My calves are ripped. I'm definitely going to get that checked out. I think it's just a carotid artery situation. We're so stupid. We don't know anything. We try every little, every trick. There's no trick. No one's getting out. You know what I mean? I know people that died of cancer at 40. I got an uncle of 70, weighs 480 pounds. You know what I mean? Cancer could be inside him like, yo, I can't get past this prick of cheese. I'm trying. I'm trying. We don't know. All we could do is keep it healthy. I quit going to the strip clubs. That's my new thing. I'm done. Every guy does the same shit. I'm not spending more than $80. Six trips to the ATM later. You're robbing a friend. And every dancer's putting herself through college. I didn't realize there's a wave of genius strippers in the world. In 10 years, you're going to beat the neurosurgeon like, pussycat Johnson? Holy shit, you really did it. Oh, let's get a little son. How's it going? I will talk later. Excuse me? Oh, I was just saying hi. What's going on? How are you? Good, thanks. Good. I'm Mike. I live in 301. Just right here. It's my spot. I ride by the pool. I figured I'd come out here. You know, get a little son. Do you always lay out in your jacket? No, I just figured I would go to the gym after this. Stretch it out. I'm going to the game tonight. A little ball game. You pro? Well, not pro. I mean, there was a time when I was, you know, I thought I'd be pro. The family didn't really back me on it. Jewish family wanted me to be a lawyer. No, I'm not a pro. Slow-footed white boy. How about you? I used to be an Olympic concert. Are you serious? Yeah, a long time ago. It's way too hard on my body. I could see that, you know, like us. I look at your body and I'm thinking, you know what? Give that thing a rest. Rest that body. I got a regret. I'm a day to the terrorists. I'm not sure. We had a day to the girl from another country. We were watching CNN. This whole thing that ISIS came on. I'm like, fuck these animals. She's like, everybody does what they have to do. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? What does that even mean? Are you with them? Wow. How you feeling? You moving around on that cane? Well, the walker was more comfortable. I'll get there. I'll be fine. It's just a little frustrating. Did the doctors even say what the stroke was from? Well, first they thought it was a fifth. Then they said it was a clot. Who the fuck knows? Your brother's going to end up killing me before another stroke does. Where is Rob? Let me talk to him. Right here. Yo, what up, brother? Remember, when you come out, you're 39. The kids are 12 and 14. And mom, we're bringing you down to 68. For fuck's sake, stop lying about your age. Oh, it's way too late. I've been lying to everyone. Why do you have to lie about my age? This affects the whole family. Trust me. I can't have you guys running around here with the wrong ages. You're ridiculous. I spoke to Kara, by the way. Mom, listen to me. When we broke up, you were supposed to break up. That's how this works. OK, we all break up together. You really screwed that one up. I'm just saying, settle down for God's sake. All right, listen. I love you. I'll talk to you later, all right? Love you to love you. You still fucked it up. Love you. My ex had a Yorkie. It's not cute. You notice I'd be at 62 walking a four pound dog? It's like being the last one of the neighborhood to know your game. I know. There's no cool way to walk a Yorkie. That's just two bitches walking on the street together. Come on, bitch. You're a bitch. Shut up and keep your head down. I'm talking, dog. Fucking little fake animal. Everybody in LA brags about leaving home. You remember me? These people were the brag about leaving home. Man, 17 years old. I got in the car. I drove across country. I did it myself. Yeah? You know what's harder than leaving home? Staying home. Every stay home where you're from, it's fucking hard. Trust me. Everybody in Detroit has got a tougher life than I do. You know what I mean? My brother runs a construction company trying to put his kids through college. I fucking took two naps yesterday. Yeah, no, I dumped him after. I never dumped him after. One nap just rolled right into another nap. The nap problem. It's not difficult, OK? Yeah, my brother's up at 5.30 in the morning trying to put out a flood and fires. Yeah, I slept with an Asian Instagram and started two weeks ago. You know what my stress was? I wasn't 100% sure it was a woman. I wasn't 100%. It was 86%. She had a great face, heavy hand. What a heavy hand. Fuck. Put the hand on the shoulder. You don't know where that comes from. What do you find professional boxing? I can't do it. I thought I could box this and kid I took box. I'm going to learn how to box. First thing that happens in boxing is you look unbelievable outside of the ring. Outside of the ring, I was one of the greatest warm-up fighters of all time. I could hit the speedbag. Hit the heavy bag. I'm talking to the bag. What's up? Beach pop pop. Right? I got number with an opponent. I was like a gait eighth grader. What are you so mad at? I was terrified. Sarah, where do you need to start like a business? Everybody's thinking we were like what are we talking about? What are you saying, 10mm tech, 5-yeniso? I like saying this, 10% tech and 20% tech and 20% tech, 10% PBG. Mad-I and whatever you're saying, just say to me things. You're saying all of your concerns is really important over the face you're talking about. She's kung koat. involved in real estate while you're at. Let's live healthy! Yeah! Why do we love crazy? Because crazy's good and bad. Crazy's great and bad. The worst, the childhood, the better the sex. I'm sorry that I know that. You sleep with a girl that never met a real dad. Shit's going down. You come out of the bedroom. You're missing a tooth. You got a black eye and your foot's broken. Orphanage pussy. It's unbelievable. God, I wish I didn't say that. Mike, I appreciate this gesture for this party bus. We're going to go. It's a little excessive, no? Hell, no. These things drive themselves. You're not a party bus, buddy. This thing could end up in Vegas or in Marongo Casino. I want to be your daughter. May God, Mom, Dad, I'm not your age. Hi, it's me. I'm just calling because I miss you. And I love you and I'm so much. And I was just calling because I wanted to run this idea by you that I think you're going to love. Give me a call as soon as you get this. Oh, my God. It's three in the morning where you are. Hey, Mike, do you think we could get some more coke if we needed it? I mean, not that we do. Oh, shit. Right on hang up, yeah? You're a beautiful girl in Los Angeles. Just put your finger to your nose. Cocaine just falls out of the sky. You'll be good. You said I was beautiful. How amazing is Mike? Woo! I appreciate you, man. Thank you. I'm sorry I dragged you into this. I'm a fool. Let's go and even talk to him. If she ignores you, I'm going to bring over three girls to the table. I'm going to tell him you are the heir to a railroad for you. But I'm not an heir to a railroad for you. What the fuck, you a history expert? You don't know what you are. Nobody does, man. I went on 23 and me. I found out my family did all kinds of shit. I might have money coming in from a wheat field in Poland. And I might have a piece of corn from a Russian neighborhood. Nobody, thank you. I got you, bro. You ever talked to somebody on cocaine that always want to start a company with you? I never met a more motivated group of people. What the hell is going on, man? I'm not starting a company. Oh, it's all about real stake. Oh, from the guy that you be getting face, I'm fucking hitting him. I'm 47, I'll walk him. I don't give a shit. Puts me in the stomach. What do you feel? What's your name? Boy, where's my goddamn wife? Where is she? What's your name? Puh. My name is Adelaide Wee Better, quit spitting on me. It's a brand new. It's a brand new. It's a brand new. Mike. Can you get my friends in? She's outside and she's like a her ID. I don't own gold. You said you owns a piece. Yeah, I own zero. The smallest piece you could possibly own. Oh, my God. You're like a gummy bear with tits. You're so adorable. Let's get some alcohol. OK. Mike, get my friend. She's hot. I know. She's on scum my favorite pair of boxers. OK. You're kind of hot. Yeah, you touch me again. No, but you're not fucking chokehold. Yo, babyface, diney, asthma. Are you fucking nuts? You don't put your hand on a girl's ass post movement, bro? Coming in here with a tank top fit for a baby with hairy arms halfway up. That's a double code violation. We should throw you out just for the hair that's coming out of your neck. That's my boy's girl. I'm nobody's girl, Mike. OK? Yeah, dude. You're all this fuck. Hold this fuck. I'm 39 years old and light on my feet, bro. You said you were 38. You're 43. I'm all the ages. You don't smack ass post movement, buddy. We don't do that anymore. You smack somebody on the ass. It's a friend of ours. We take your father's company. My father's dead. Yeah, so is mine. So is mine. You don't see us acting up. Sorry about your dad. He's probably looking down on you right now going, why is my kid wearing a tank top? He gets a step of power. Mike, what are you doing? What are you doing? You're acting fucking crazy. I am fucking crazy. I got cocaine in my fingernails. I don't even do cocaine. I got a manager that wants to be on camera talent. Stevie puts a whole party together for you, and you just ignore him. I'm going to fuck Stevie's brains out later. OK, it's fine. Don't worry about your friends. Just worry about yourself. All right, let me just turn this into the best party I've ever heard of. Fuck it. Did my head bat, Mom? You're on mom. If you got kids, God bless you. All my friends have kids now. Everybody's kids are genius. Why is everybody's kid a genius? Can't anybody just admit it? Fuck it. Reading's not his thing. It's OK if your kid's not a genius. My dad was not making things up about me. You know what I mean? How's Michael doing in school? Shit, he's in school. I haven't seen him in two weeks. I've seen some of you have smart kids, but it's weird. My buddy's kid is one. He's one. My boy's like, look at my kid, bro. He's analyzing you. Oh, is he? I'm sorry. I thought he was drooling on his foot. You look at the kid. It's like he's humming bubbles. Ah! He doesn't even know I'm in the room. There's no way your kid's a genius, bro. You're his dad. I've known you too long. I know some of you have smart kids. I've got a nephew, 12 years old, smarter than me, and knows it. It's like he's making fun of me in public, asking me questions I can't answer. It's like, Uncle Mike, how come the moon is there? Oh, shit. Why is the moon there? I don't know. That's where God threw it. Google that shit. Don't embarrass me at a picnic. You know what I know. We're on the same reading level. I wish I was great and bad every time. I've accepted it. I'm amazingly average. I don't care because every now and then I'll have an Olympic moment. I don't even know where it comes from. Every guy does the same shit. What did I eat today? I got to start off every day with Crunch Berry and Advil. That was some kind of chemical reaction. This is the new Viagra. Mix it in a bowl. This girl gave me a try Viagra. I don't know what she's like, will you be my guinea pig? I was like, yeah, I risk a heart attack and blindness. Let's go. I got nothing to lose. Let's see what happens when one eye shuts. I don't care. Fuck my elbow. Let's see what goes down. I don't care if one foot is numb. Let's do everything. What the hell is in Viagra? That shit works. I was in the kitchen having sex in the living room. Man, that shit should be illegal. I was making eggs and love. I don't even know if I was there. Just cooking and fucking, I don't know. And you have sex in a Viagra. You get a bad attitude. Oh, you just think you're the king. Yeah, guys, we do. Why I started yelling out commens that don't even make sense. I was like, yeah, you know what just happened? Part my hair. Wash my pinky, talk my hair. Wash my pinky, talk backwards now. Everybody's afraid of a loan time. Everyone's afraid to be a loan. Don't be afraid. I don't mind my loan time. I treat me great. I watch a movie, sip toquila, make some food. Fuck it. I take me out. I wake up in the morning. I got my own phone number. I call me. What are you doing? Nothing. You feel like hanging? Not tonight. I'm getting to know me. Do you have a toothbrush? Fellas, we thought we had money. We didn't. We realized the cost of living wasn't high. The cost of pretending ruined us. It's all right, though, fellas. I got good news. Personality's making a comeback. It's the year of personality. Trust me. I got eight jokes in a Honda court. I'm sleeping with everybody. Funds, the new money. We had so much fun. She forgot we didn't eat. She's just home, hungry and happy. I wish that was true. What a week. I barely got into my own show. I played men's league hoops and I had to leave early. I met a great girl who came to my apartment and refused to leave. I almost got killed for wearing a red shirt and a blue neighborhood. Let me tell you something. Being single is exhausting. And dangerous. Hey, you're a comedian, right? I've seen you at the comedy store, Mike Young. Yeah, a comedian. I also direct when nobody knows. Cool. I'm Johnny. I just moved in here. Jenny. Oh, 4B Jenny. 1A Mike. Cool. Yeah. God bless you in New York. What's up, Mike Young? Yo, what's up, Jason? Any word? Yeah, I spoke to Paul's money, guys. You got great news. Beautiful. Yeah, shit ain't gonna happen. How was that great news? You know, one dough closes, six more open. It's just mother nature at work, you know that shit. Look at this and research and they're looking for some diversity or something, you know. Tough time to be a straight white male, Mike Young. It's great, man. Keep me posted. You know, I will, Mike Young. You did find time to read your script and it's fantastic. It is very good. Unfortunately, you can't afford me. So, I pass. But if you ever get some money, I'd love to do it. And I think I should play some more in the range of like 38 to 41 range. Because... All right. Good luck with that now. Did you just hang up? I'm afraid the boarding happens. You got to shut the fuck up, bro. And I'm just being nice. I don't want you to get thrown out. Get out of me. I don't want you to get thrown out. I'm trying to save you. Jesus, I know I'm in a tough town. I think I got back on. This is a tough town. I don't like to fight, man. I got my skinny neck. You're doing the same thing on the fuck around. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you.
All right, yeah, y'all ready for the comedy? All right, let's give it up to Doodies, come out of Chicago Illinois. Please welcome Corey Holcomb. All right, what's up? I'm going to hop right into it. I want to talk about something I know everybody can relate to. Anybody got like a cousin or a homie or a friend or a neighbor or somebody you know who keep a nasty ass house. You know the motherfuckers house just be nasty ass time. You go up in that motherfuckers. Some of y'all probably with the ass tonight so you can't speak up like you want to. Man, I got a homie, man, my boy, man. Man, they have first of all here dirty motherfuckers. You know, I remember them guys just running around all week with that white t-shirt on. And they get that yellow stuff under the arm. Well, he had that on his leather jacket. Dirty motherfuckers, they... You know, one around. Don't take bads. You ever seen if it waxed be running all out there, you? Man, he had... Man, this is ill. I ain't... Look, he has so much wax in his ill. If you had a cute tip and you jugged it in his ill and pulled it out, you have a sugar daddy. Man, this dirty. And they house. I don't even know where to begin to talk. The house is just nasty. Stank. So it seemed like there was burning a chitlin' instant up in that motherfuckers. It was a nasty... It was a nasty... Dude, and they got... Y'all never go out there and house them. People with them old nasty apartments and they usually got one of them old bathrooms. You know, you go up in there and the tub still be on full legs. You know, you can sweep under that motherfucker. And they got the old sink in there with the double faucet. You know, with a hot water, come out this side. And the cold water, come out this side. Keep from burning your hand. You got to switch your sh... I'ma tell the lady something. Ladies, I want to put y'all up on something about men. Did y'all know every man in here could easily go three months without having sex? Now, let me tell you something y'all don't know. Every man got a woman on the side. I'm tell you, I don't care who he is. Every man got a woman on the side. But don't get mad, because I ain't talking about like another female. I'm talking about that person. You know, fellas, the one you messing around with all the time. Huh? I ain't going front. This is my main squeeze. You know what I'm saying? Whenever my woman be, oh, all right, you don't want to get me done. Fuck you then. Put your coat on, baby. You going to the holiday inn in this month? I like to... I like to ball up and draw that little face on her. And talk a little shit to her before I get with her. No. No. No. Yeah. I don't want this dick don't shit. He's so hearty. All right, girl, go to work. Woo! Hey, let me hit this here from the back. Ha! Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Now, I'm a rabid up, dumb man. I want to talk about some man. Man, I went to this church, right? Man, it was this preacher. His name was Reverend Sleeparown. He was cold, oh, fellas. If you'd been in this church, you'd have been jumping up and down in the out. Because he talked about something to hit home with a lot of brothers. So, you know, he came up, you know, I didn't back this preacher's come out. He was like, wow. I want to talk to y'all this morning about a problem in my life. It's a problem that dwells with a lot of men. Backstabs, you're like a knight. Goes deep into your pocketbooks. Put your financial bind. It's a problem that ain't never going nowhere. It's with you for a lifetime. I'm not talking about drugs and alcohol. Compared, that's a light drama. See a man's biggest burden is his baby's mama. Well, I'm calling over for Chicago.
I love me a good looking woman, but you know what? It seemed like none of the names. Y'all women, y'all just started wanting two goddamn months. Fellas said it last three words. Two goddamn months. I can't hear you, fellas. Two goddamn months. How many women here tonight want a man with sensitivity? Clap your hand. Just think about it. Are you women just clap your hands? Just think about it. One late night, you and your man land in bed. Somebody break into fucking house. You're man sensitive. Y'all bulkets y'all ass who? Say it, fellas. Two goddamn months. Can't do the regga shit anymore. You lay on your bag and we lay on top of you. But two or three minutes and get the shit over with. No, they want it all like this now. They want to hang from shit now. They want to wrap around shit now. You know what shit I hate the worst of? That's standing up shit. They want you to hold a big ass up now, make loads of. Can't hold it, hold that stuff no more. What just cool, right? Put about two or three minutes. You know you working and working and you know like you're lifting weights and you're working so your muscles so long they get freezing. Now fuck that, get your ass on that. Say it, fellas. Two goddamn months. And the worst should of all. Nineteen nights. You got to eat couch in there. You eat that stuff man. You eat that stuff man. You eat that stuff man. You eat that stuff man. You eat, you eat. Yeah, I know you do because you got some shit dry up right there. What the shit I get it now, get what the shit up? That shit can kill you man. Stop doing that shit. It almost killed me. Now I try this shit for the first time last week I'm serious. Hey Lon. I went down right it was cool. Counting salty. Had this swing in taste soon. I went out one on you know how you do it. And I came out like stuff was like everywhere. I didn't want to just get up in the middle of sex and just you know wipe it off. She knew then I didn't know what I was doing. So you know how I got it all fellas? I went on the legs. Hey. Put it almost killed me don't man I'm serious. I almost killed me. I got back up and stuff back make a little bit so good. I still have a count on my own name. So this Vince D. This Vince D. I'm talking to it right? I got a piece of hair stuck in my throat. I'm the baby. I'm up here dying right? She thought that shit was so good. She died off me went to the phone and called her girlfriend. She knew you. Girl, I'm in that time I told you I had some good stuff. And you said now girl your stuff is good. Girl I let me some heal that dying right now. You guys make me great Vince D. Please.
I hate stand-o comedy. I hate it, but I've committed my life to it. It's been going around doing this. Oh, sad. You ever work a job too long? That's what this is. I've pigeonholed myself into a dying art form. I was a Nashville and a man named Belly Button opened for me. Oh, that's where my career is at. Got Belly Button opening up. I asked Belly Button too. Like, I asked him. I said, Belly Button. I asked him. I asked Belly Button. I was like, Belly Button, what do you do when you fill out a W9? And he said, what is that? So these are the kind of people I associate myself with. It's just divorce men who are committing tax fraud. Those are my peers. Those are my peers. So all things considered, it's pretty bad. It's pretty bad. You help people to say that. They'll be like, all things considered. That's pretty good. That's really good. It's like, well, I feel like you're not considering all things. Like, sure, you're considering something, but you're considering all things. You'd be crying right now. You've got to consider more things like NPR. You're inconsiderate. And sometimes I'm like, having a good day. I'll be having a good day. And then I remember that the oceans are dying. Do you ever get that just happy? And then you're like, oh, no, not the Pacific. Not my favorite ocean. You ever just get ahead and you're like, oh, I can't right now. How could I get sucked off at a time like this? When the whales are in their situation there, and I couldn't possibly succumb to some top right now, what kind of person could experience phallacio amid such a profound ecological event? You know, I could possibly get sucked off right now. We figure out the whales, then we can get back to me. We figure out the whales. We can get back to get sucked off, but it's up to us. It's up to us to get back to me. It's up to us. That's what they say. It's up to us to save the environment. I'm like, oh, that just means poor people with limited resources. In poor people, though, recycle. I'm poor. I don't recycle. I just put everything in one bag, and I hope for the best. That's what I fill those bags with. Hope. That's why garbage back commercials are like, look how durable this is. I'm like, I know. I'm not taking two trips. I'm too tired from being poor. So tired. But it's nobody's fault, you know, that the world's ending. There's just too many people. There's way too many people. There's way too many people. I know there's too many people because a child's leash touched my leg. That should never happen. I have a list of things that should happen. That's not on there. I felt a tug at my leg. I was at a corner. I felt a tug. I got to be a tug. And I looked down. I was like, oh, it's probably going to be a small dog. It could be a cute dog. It was a small boy. And he wrapped. He wrapped her, he braced around. And then his mom, she went, he healed. She healed it. He flew back. She healed a human. A human was healed. And I was like, who's fault is that? Yeah. I didn't know who fault that. I was like, is that a parent or a kid? But then I was like, well, we could kill that kid. We could kill it. We could kill it. No kid that's ever been leased has gone on to do great things. You know, name a successful person. They've never been leased. I guarantee it. Bill Gates, he seems like he would have been, but no. Greta Thunberg, it definitely not. She sailed across the Atlantic. They don't have leashes that long. They don't. Long as Lee's going to run you like 18 feet retractable. She would have got off shore bounce right back. She would not have completed her journey. And I try to stay positive. I really do, but it's hard because other people exist. And there's like so many, not you guys. Not you, but them. And then when you see them, you'll be like, you. Like I watch a man blow his nose into his hand. He'd be like, oh, it was in his hand. It was just more hand. What was in his hand? More hand. And then he flung it in one motion. I was like, oh, he's done this before. Yeah, he's done that before. I'm seeing this person's habits in real time. There's way too many people. I shouldn't see your habits. I should have to know you deeply and intimately, in a way that pros and cons of that habit. And then ultimately, choose, I don't want you in my life. I shouldn't have habits forced on me. The worst habit now is everybody has to know everything. That's my least favorite thing. Everybody's got to know everything. Everybody has too much information. And then once you have information, you become insufferable. Just insufferable. If you had somebody just know something at you, in these past couple years, you just have to sit there and take things being known at you. Just know it. Just relentless knowing at you. You're like, shut the fuck up. I already know what I need to know. I don't need more some other scary thing to worry about. I want to live in ignorance. But everybody knows everything. I think that just makes it a hard time to exist. And I already think it's the hardest time to exist. I think my generation, I think we have it the hardest. Yeah. Oh, yes, so hard. Man, my life is so hard. Amazonfront, Apple TV. I got too many subscriptions. I didn't mean to subscribe to such a hard life. You know, I have the first generation of roommates. That's hard. It's hard. It's hard to go through your day-to-day knowing you're going to go home to a grown man. You're going to go to a grown man just clipping his toenails on your couch. It has your couch. He didn't even split it with you. And he's on there clipping toenails and bed shorts, which are just shorts that he wears to bed. But it's 5 p.m. It's 5 p.m. bro. Like, did you just wake up? Or are you calling it an early? Also, why do I have memorized what you wear to bed? I don't love you. I don't care about you. You're only here because I need half. But there's just too many people who are running out of space. So everybody gives a roommate. Like, I have a friend in Indiana. That's a place where you're like, oh, I bet. But you own a house. You live in Indiana. Why would you live in Indiana if you didn't have property? So he just lives in a house with three other people. So everybody's doing very badly. Cross the board. Everybody's doing bad. You could see that we've been running out of space. If you look at technology, like audio, specifically, for this joke. I don't have another example. I just came up with the audio one. And I was like, all right, that seems good enough. Like in the early 2000s audio, everything was surround sound. I guess surround sound system. This Dolby Digital 500. I was like, whoa, 500? Was it always 500? They're like, we don't know it, but it's loud. Bring your boys over. Your boys are like, wow, this is loud. This louder than your wife. And it was the early 2000s. So we hated the wife. I don't know why I was like. Everything was surround sound. And now audio is just noise cancellation. They're like, you don't want to hear what's going on out there. It's messed up. And the walls are thin. And you don't really have space for four speakers in a subwoofer. The only space you can afford is in your inner canal. Just the 80 little bit of space. That's all you got, baby. But my proposal, my proposition, my idea to save space. We just combine golf courses and cemeteries. That's a good idea. Be serious. Be serious about this. I think that makes the game a lot more fun. You've got to pitch it over a crypt. Yeah, I earned that part four. I had to go over George III. I also think it makes it a lot more convenient. I'll be convened because a lot of people play golf. They're also on the back night of life. So like, oh, yeah, Grandpa dropped dead right in the sand trap. We stepped over and then we hit the country club for a BLT. But we just don't have a release anymore. There's no release anymore because we don't have kids until there's no release. It's weird to have a kid now. That's weird to me. You see how weird to you? Like, I see you're pregnant lady. I'm like, that's weirdo behavior. You're weirdo. You're weird to me. You don't have foresight. We're running out of water. You're going to have a thing that needs water? Like that is selfish, I think, to take our water. Firstly, I'm going to start drinking 18 cups of day. I don't want any water left for your dumbass kid. That's why I respect the guy who walks around with the jug. He's got that strong jug arm. I'm like, yeah, get that water out of here. I don't want to see any more water around here. Like, I think that people that have kids now, it's just for Instagram. It's just for somebody who could never get 100 likes before. And they're like, oh, maybe with his baby. I could get the kind of page activity I always wanted. People didn't like me for me. Maybe they liked me for me and my baby. Dress my baby up like a bear. You know, do a photo shoot in the woods. I, for some reason, look back at the baby real scared. Oh, my God. My baby's a good actor. 121 likes worth it. Worth it. Worth the greatest pain of my life. We don't have kids. So there's no release. Because the release used to be like, if you're having a bad day, you know, like feeling bad, like you're feeling bad about yourself. You know, you would go home and you would hit your kid. You would hit your kid. Feet your kid up. You're like, yes, I did something with my life. I struck my child. You know, but I can't go home and hit Evan. He's a grown man. He does CrossFit. That's an untrustworthy exercise. I don't even know if they know what they're doing in there. They're throwing anything around. That's too random. I can't predict random. He stays in his room for too long at a time. I don't know what's going on in there. Just push-ups and planning. I assume it come out every once in a while. It shows me a YouTube video. I fake laugh. I love everything George and B. Peterson has to say. No, I don't have to say that. You know, I have to say that because I don't want to be a part of his cycle of violence. I pay too much rent to be a part of somebody's cycle of violence. That's not included in the utilities. That's why I think everybody's medicated now. You know, like we all have anxiety and depression. Because the cure for anxiety and depression was child abuse. Maybe I wouldn't need to be on clonetin if I could just hit a kid. Get off this lexapro if I could just kick. I think it's a hard-to-do-do-sist. I do feel like I still have potential. Yeah. Yeah, I got potential. I feel like I still have potential. That's why I think it's a good time to kill myself. You gotta do it. The way too long you don't have potential anymore. Timing is everything. Don't do it, you're so on my kid. Oh, just holding for the edit. I'm not up here dealing with hecklers tonight. Usually, man, I would fucking cut you up. But they're there. They're a carers here. Yeah, I'm 20 and I feel like I still have potential. That's why I think it's a good time to kill myself. Because you gotta do it, well, I still have. You wait too long, you don't have it anymore. 28-year-old killer self-people are like, no. He had big things coming. Potentially. Then you're 39, you kill yourself, people are like, he's a good guy. 39, that's a good enough time to get stuff done. And I know suicide is like a taboo topic. I know. It's taboo. They're like, don't talk about it. It does taboo. But that's just because people are still Christians, you know. Because they can't read. And like Christian ideologies are so built into our society that we think that life is a gift from God. So if you take your own life, you're slapping God in the face. Because life is a gift from God. But if life's a gift from God, this God sucks it, it gives it. It gives the same shit to everybody you are. That's how I know God is not a woman. That's a thoughtless gift-giver, that's a male trait. It seems pretty last minute, did you stop at a kiosk? Why don't you take a hit next time? I don't think anyone wanted to be. I don't get a gift receipt or anything. You can have store credit, hard pass. The store credit never works out. I don't think anyone's going to be here. I'm glad we can joke about mental health stuff now. Are we can joke about that? People used to just get mad. Talk about anything mental health. People would get mad. You'd be like, I'm sad. They'd be like, well, that makes me angry with you. Okay, I feel like we're all experiencing emotions. I wish you had a range. People just didn't know what to do. They don't know how to deal with it. They used to just get mad. When I was 13, I got suspended from school because my school found out that I was cutting myself. And they got mad at me. Everybody got mad at me. They got mad. They sent me home. They didn't know what to do. So they sent me home. And I was like, okay. I'll go home. To where all the knives are. You should have thought that through. Tools of my trade. I'm cutting my wrist up, breaking new ground for the next generation of emo kids. They're going to have therapy. And they do now. I'm a hero. But sometimes I do want to get for a seat. Sometimes I do. People would be like, why? Why do you want to return this? I'd be like, well, look who's doing well. This is a selfish thought. Look who's doing it with like billionaires. That's who's doing well. Have you heard about this? Have you seen these people? They got billion dollars. Sound made up. Billion dollars. Have you seen these people? They are so ugly. I'm like, how do you have so much but also so little? And they won't die. That's my problem with billionaires. They won't die. You never hear about a billionaire dying. The only time you hear about a billionaire is when they got more money. I thought they were going to start dropping. Then we could all get a little bonus, you know, spread the wealth. I don't know how the economy works. But they won't die. I was trying to correlate. I was trying to make correlations. I was trying to figure out why they won't die. You've got to correlate. You've got to correlate. You've got to correlate. You've got to correlate. You've got to correlate. Doing my own research. Trying to figure out a vaccine to get rid of billionaires. They won't die. And then I was like, whoa. Do you think the secret to eternal life is having sex with children? Because that's what every documentary was about for like four months. I was like, oh, I'm on to something. Guess the fountain of youth is the youth. I didn't like it. I was like, stokes. I was like, oh, cool. This is happening. That's great. I didn't want that information. I was like, why are we documenting this? We should help these kids. And they're like, nah, we need content. Yeah, we need some content. Content's actually more important than human life. What do you think comes first? The billion dollar? Or the pedophilia? I think it's the billion dollars. That's why I question anybody who's ambitious. Oh, you wake up early. Okay, you have ulterior motives. I don't trust that. I don't trust that schedule. Mark Wahlberg's on. Why do we know he wakes up every day at 325 a.m. We got to look into that. But I don't have a fix for that. I don't have a solve. I don't know how to get rid of him. But how do we know that human sacrifice doesn't work? I've never had a good harvest. 20 years, I haven't had one good harvest. My crops aren't doing anything. I can't even keep a succulent alive. To sacrifice somebody to keep my desert flowers awake. And that's a hard joke for me to get through usually. It is because I have bad energy. I have bad energy. I know that about myself. I have bad energy. I know that about myself. I have bad energy. Multiple times people have been like to me. I thought you hated me when we met. I did. I still do. I got transparent bad energy. You know, I'm toxic. I'm toxic. But I'm not masculine. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. I'm just regular. My toxicity has no masculinity. I'm not masculine. His guy came up to me at a barbecue. He didn't even introduce himself. He just said to me. He said, uh, you look like you take baths. No hand. No hand. Just you bathed. I wanted to be so mad. Like, no, I shower them. Take hot showers. This is new skin. My showers are so hot, I just shed in there. I wanted to be mad like that. But then I remembered like I love a bath. Ooh. Oh, damn. I candle my laptop on the toilet. Like a little TV stand. Like some Meps and Salt. Like I'll triple up. I watch a whole show. I'll watch all of the crown. I love the, I love the drama. I love the queen. But he was like, oh, they're comics. So he's like trying to make a joke. Like insinuate that I'm soft. You know. That's what he's doing. He's like, you got a weak spirit. That's why I took from that. You're soft. Yeah, I'm soft. I'm soft. Cause after I get out of the tub. I got a good skin care regimen. I got moisturizers and oils. They, they trapped the moisture. And I only tell you that to say that I have good skin. That's how you know my good person. You know. I got good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I'm not going to be a good skin. I got good skin. I'm toxic. I'm a good person. Cause I have a good skin. Good people have good skin. Good people have great skin. Somebody with a great skin, you're like, if you'd a charity work. Evil people. Awful skin. That's who a three and one shampoo conditioner body washes for. It's just for like an evil guy. So he can like shower quick. And then get back to harassing people. You know, that's how I know the insurrection smelled like old spice. Yeah, old spice, the scent of rebellion. But yeah, I'm a good person. I'm still not happy. Oh, I want to be happy. Maybe I just need money. Not a billion dollar, but some. How much money would you like a little more than what I have? I got one. I got one. They say the baseline for happiness is you're going to make like $85,000 a year. And then after that, it doesn't matter. But the baseline. 85 anything after it doesn't matter. That's what you need for. Peac happiness. And I just feel like I would be a lot happier if I didn't know that. Why do I have to know that? Is that before or after tax? Because either way it seems unachievable. Because I want money. Like I want to be a Republican so bad. But I'm fiscally liberal right now. I care about stuff because my fiscal situation. Fiscally I care. But I want to be a Republican. Like the evil kind, not the kind where you're like, I just ignore them. I'll be a evil evil kind. I want to like wake up in the morning and drink stem cells. You know, I'm pro life, but I got a wine cellar of stem cells. I want to be a hypocrite. I want to hypocrite money. I want to say that I'm all I was mad at. But really I just mean me. That's the kind of Republican I want to be. But I'm fiscally liberal. I always am like fighting off being Republican. It's just an inner battle I have to deal with every day. Which side of my arm? There's only two. Like I do think that everybody deserves to make like a decent living wage. Yeah, but I do think that people make $15 an hour now again. Really cocky. They need to be humbled. Because I paid with a $10 bill at a Popeyes and the cashier, he held it up to the light. He unfurled it into the light. I was like, why would you do this in front of everybody? Like we're bracket buddies. We're bracket buddy. We're in the same bracket. You're going to turn your back on your bracket buddy. You think I'm fleecing the Popeyes with fake tens? The change is 89 cents. What kind of long game do you think I'm playing? Who bears me like that? Not going to make so much money. I'm going to come back and I'm going to buy this franchise. And fire you in a dramatic fashion. You never turn your back on your bracket buddy again. But I do still think people decent living wage deserve that. Because of liberal. I'm going to pay with women making less. No, I just because they haven't been working as long. You got to put your time in. You don't have the seniority honey. And I'm sure some suffer jets were like, whoa, chill a minute. Can we just do part time? I still want to stay at home vacuum and take value. And nothing chills me out like a hum of a hoover. Or norm off the value. I've never had money though. I've never had a refrigerator that didn't sound like it wasn't struggling to breathe. Every fridge I've ever had just has a knife wound in it. And everything sweats immediately. Most of my life I could tell something tasted like fridge. I'm like, oh, this got a hint of kitchen eight on it. Best before you put it in. My friend was like, what were you doing to say? What are you doing to say? Are you investing? No. No, I'm not doing that. I'm just waiting. I just want to say I heard somebody say once that they came into some money. So that's kind of what I'm hoping is the case for me. I'm just not important. I'm not important. I'm not important enough to walk up an escalator. You know, like I stayed at the right. I don't have to be anywhere on time. I see people run up an escalator. I'm like, oh, that's a role model. That's a role model. He's late for hangout on Google right now. He's having Google hangouts. I never hung out on Google. I don't hang out there. I just zoom. But money's always going to be a problem under capitalism. It's not that too much information. I know about capitalism. Somebody knew stuff at me once and I was like, oh, I regurgitate that. I love the biggest capitalists in the world. I hate America. I hate America because I don't drink milk. The only people that love America, they love dairy. They love dairy. You'd be like, oh, can I get milk? They're like, oh, you're a domestic terrorist. We don't agree with your dairy alternative choices. I was at a diner. I saw old guy drinking like a tall glass of milk. I was like, oh, that's a patriot. That's what a patriot looks like. They love milk. They can't connect with their daughter. They got sleep apnea at this. I don't know what America is to me. I support the troops though. Yeah, I support it. I support the troops. I just don't support the surprise welcome home videos. So welcome home videos. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. Like, you're going all over there being all extra over there. Being all extra to come home and go viral with a video. Why don't you just learn editing skills, man. Going over there. Bauman hospitals. See, can come back and make a video. Wow, son, you're so big now. That's time I saw you. I hadn't even bombed a hospital yet. It's so good to see you, dude. You grow quick. I bombed like three hospitals. The ones that bothered me the most are the ones with the dogs. They're like, oh, look how happy. Look how happy my dog is to see me after all this time. You believe how happy my dog is? Are you sure? Are you sure about that? Because I've met some dogs. And they were new to me. And let me tell you, they were pretty excited. You think this dog thinks that I went to war? That's stupid. That's a stupid. You got a dumb dog. I will never step foot on a battlefield for a flag. You got a dumb dog. You better hope I don't get drafted, too. I'm going to give away my platoon's position with a vape pen. I'm going to get sniped in the head because I'm addicted to vape. They're going to be on the news like, also what was the downfall for your modern warfare? Oh, well, we're addicted to july. And the little lights gave us away. It was the little lights that did us. We tried to flank, but the lights. It was a massacre. And I'm from Canada. I don't even know if we have an army. I know we have a navy, but what's the avisides making soup on a boat? Which might be the most dangerous one, you know, depending on how rocky them waves are and how hot that soup is. Yeah, I was in the navy. You can tell by these third-degree burns. The clam chowder almost got me. The pea soup took my brother in arms. I do like being Canadian in America. That's cool. It's just like being in a really easy escape room. If you don't know what an escape room is, that's when you have so much privilege. You pay somebody to take it away. I have loads of privilege. I don't have to do this. I hate this team building exercise. But whenever somebody in America finds out from Canada, which is you tell them. No, he's guessing that everybody always says the same thing. They always say the same thing to you. And always like, oh, so you're free healthcare. You're free healthcare. They just say it. I was like, yeah, I guess that's not really what I was doing up there. I wasn't pushing that through parliament. Me and the Prime Minister were wearing cahoots on that one, but it's free. It's cheap. I don't know. It's a better system. So it's not funny. You have to explain that it's not funny. Like healthcare is funny in America. Because everybody's like, oh, it's bad. And then they're like, yeah, it's bad. And then that's the end of the conversation. That's what I think is funny blatantly ignoring a flaw. Like healthcare in America is so bad. That's where the Make a Wish Foundation was founded. That's funny. That's funny. They're like, good news, bad news. So your son is going to die. But we could get him a FaceTime with Anne Hathaway. Yeah, we got Anne Hathaway on the line. She's going to sing some lame-ins for Jaden. Hopefully that eases the pain of his stage for Mesothelioma. Yeah, Jaden's got the Mesothelioma bad at stage four. Only the musings of Anne Hathaway can help him now. Our bad. We didn't really consider many things. We don't have a system in place. I don't know about you guys though, but I feel like cancer should chill out. Should chill. Take it easy. Like just like especially with the big words. Like the big like just be cancer. We don't have a cure for you yet. Why you got to flex on us with these big words. You know, I'm a real big guy. Take it easy. We're killing us out there. Pancreatic sarcoma. Chill. Take it. Give me my grandparents back. Give them. Give them back. No, I lost my grandparents, young. I lost their grandparents last year. I lost my grandparents last year. I lost my grandparents last year. Are you in no more mortality? I'm in no more mortality. I do think about cancer all the time. Like every day. Every day I'm thinking about it. You know, because it could be you right now. You know, just in their dormit. Just in their shadows. Like you're in my prostate. Get out of here. I just got into that. Now you're in there. There's definitely not room for the both of us yet. You come back later when there's some more room. I'll forget my keys at home. I'll be halfway down the bar. Oh, no. That's the cancer. Creeping up for me. Now I'm forgetful. That's gotta be a symptom. You've ever tripped, like walking upstairs. And you're like, oh, God, I have a tumor. I have a tumor in it. It's malignant. I wish it was benign, but it's malignant. And I can't afford to see a doctor. I'm too old to see Anne. This system doesn't work for me. I just don't want to get old. Scares me. Get old to scary. I don't want to get old because I don't want hindsight. That seems like a curse. Like to look back on your life with perfect clarity and do that. Oh, yeah, I could have done things better easily. Oh, man, I made all the wrong choices. Hey, you're telling me all I had to do was tell the truth. Who knew? Who knew life would have been easier if I wasn't a pathological liar? You ever lie so hard you have to learn Cantonese? I was on Duolingo for like six weeks. Like, why did I tell people I was bilingual? I don't know how I'm gay at old. I don't want to do like classic white shit. I don't want to do classic white shit. Just like repress my feelings in a reclining chair. You know, you know the kind of chair where it's like, it's got the big handle. And it doesn't work the first time. I'm trying to live. Like a wood plash. I'm trying to be like healthy. Like trying to open up. Trying to open up. Being a healthy relationship, be opened up. That's good. Yeah, there's a couple of scum. It's good to be doing it. It's bad. How we got there. But it's good to be doing it. I love it. But sometimes I just wish that everybody I ever had sex with just died after. Like, it's just easier to be in mourning than it is to be open and vulnerable with you. And that joke is a defense mechanism. I was trying to take responsibility for my actions. We don't really do that anymore. We don't. Everybody's in therapy now, but nobody takes responsibility. Everybody's just like, oh yeah, my bad. I'm working on it, so I'm just... Yeah, it's just my demons, all right. My bad, I just got demons, so... It's not my fault. I got demons. I'm sorry, I cheated. I have demons. Well, you don't have demons. You are a demon. You need to re-strategize. People trusted you. And that's not anti-cheating sentiment. I think cheating is good. Makes your work harder. You don't do things you normally want to do. Ask things normally. How was your day? Cheating is good until you come. And then you're just left with regret. Just sit in on the edge of a bed, understanding what R&B really is. I don't know, R&B was in the cards for me. I didn't know I would ever relate to this. I was like, wow, rid of the man blues. I understand both now. And I've cheated. I've been cheated on, but I still don't think that's the biggest betrayal in life. I think the biggest betrayal in life is that the Q-tip is not actually for the ear. You're like, but it fits perfectly. They're like, don't put it in there. I'm gonna do it anyway. I gave these demons up. I need to put my speakers back in. If I've been trying to get rid of my demons, I've been so over for a while. I hate it. I hate being sober. Because you just remember everything. No vices, just your life up until now. Just remembering everything. And that's the only thing that's worse than forgetting. Just remembering. Just remembering. Oh my god, why is that still in there? I thought I would have disassociated by now. I remembered that I got into a revolving door with another man. Just sharing a great, just split in a quarter. I just said, I'm here too. And he turned and looked at me like, we're in a confined space right now. Why would you do this to us? So I don't know what I need, but I need to forget that. I don't know. I do know that I don't want to be with another person again. Like I'm good. I just don't like being with somebody for the first time. That's why. I just hate the first time with somebody else. You know, because you don't know each other. So you're like always feeling each other out. And so something always happens. Something always happens. I was with this girl once we're in her room. And she grabbed something off her bed. And she held it up. This is my blankie. She held it up. She was like, this is my blankie. This is my blankie from when I was a kid. She held it up like that. Like, make a bet. And I was sober. So I just in here forever. If I was drunk, I'd be like, I don't give a white myself off with it. Why do you have a blankie, miss? Put the blankie away. Put it in a box and then put it in the nook above the closet, where memories are supposed to go. Push those memories under the bed. I don't want to know you like that. Like I can't be with somebody like that. I can't. Like somebody that's got keepsakes from their childhood. You know, like they had a good childhood. That's not my type. I need somebody with trauma. You know, keep it excited with the trauma. That's why I think I exclusively date older women. You know, because they've been around longer and they're women. So it's more likely that something horrible has happened to them. And they have more flavor, like a cast iron. And I'm like, uh, don't use soap. I want to taste your upbringing. I want to taste weekends at devs. So brew it. Yeah, I got a cast iron during the pandemic. And then I applied my new knowledge of it to the only other thing I know. Pussy jokes. One of the only things I know. I do feel like the only thing I need to be happy is like no awareness. That's what I need. I need no awareness. That's what I need to be happy. Like you guys are probably all pretty aware, right? Yeah. And that's why you're unhappy. You know, but you take that you take that awareness away like life is easy. You just love Disney. You know, like you got frames with quotes in them. That's what I want. I want the simple life. I want to frame some quotes. I want to get my art from my key. Like I want no awareness. None of it. Like I want to get into a pyramid scheme early. You know, just be at the ground. Just build it up. And then just be at the top of the triangle just rope in my family. And acquaintances and then just reap the benefits of their financial ruin. And then at the end of the day, I call myself an entrepreneur. That's the lack of awareness I want. I want entrepreneur in my bio. With the code next to it for. 20% off. A product nobody's clicking on. I want to know awareness. I want no spatial awareness. I want to stand this close to you and align up and just. Just breathe on your neck and feel nothing. Your man for weeks. Somebody breath on me. I got no awareness. I'm breathing on everybody. I don't care. I got no awareness. I want to go back through a revolving door. I want to be a lingerer. I want to be a lingerer. I want to be a lingerer. Lingerer around. Float through. Life. Just have just linger in. Like I want to say goodbye to you at a party. And then you see me 10 minutes later. I thought you were leaving. I'm going to be a lingerer. I'm going to be a lingerer. I thought you were leaving. I don't really know what I'm doing. I just exist to be. I simply am. I want no, I'm a lingerer. I want no awareness. I want to trust companies. That's the lack of awareness. I want to be like all these companies. They're looking out for me. I'm the little guy. Like I want to retweet my bank. Like I genuinely want to give my bank a retweet. Like what you guys are doing on social media over the bank. I love it. It's killing it. All that gayshit during Pride Months. I trust that. That's cool. Does it see advantages and movements at all? I love that my bank is into social change. Thank you for the premium. I'm going to be a lingerer. I'm going to be a lingerer. I want to be a lingerer. I love that my bank is into social change. Thank you for the premiums. Why? I want to love the bank. Online banking. Inline banking. I want to be, at the bank. I love it. I want to love the bank. I want to put in necklaces on the banks. I love it. I love the bank. The pens got beads on them. I want to be like that. But I'm not. Like, I don't trust companies. I don't trust corporations. I don't trust the government. That's why I never use the same signature twice. I go, I don't want to give them anything consistent. Catch me in bellybutton if you can. I don't even trust the Girl Scouts anymore. I don't trust the Girl Scouts. They lost me. Girl Scouts of the Girl Scouts cookie? I'm done with them. I don't trust that. And because when Amy Coney Barrett was nominated to the Supreme Court, she had right-wing justice. She's pro-life. The Girl Scouts, they congratulated her. They congratulated her publicly. They were like, yes, queen. Break the glass ceiling. That's what they said publicly. Which I've always felt like that's a weird architectural design. Like the glass ceiling. Like, is a ceiling? It's not even the roof. So you're just breaking through to another level of misogyny? That. That seems like a bad but-but-but-that's women's plan. I don't speak for women. I don't speak for women. You guys keep doing the damn thing. I'm so proud of you. You're killing it right now. But Girl Scouts, they congratulated Amy Coney Barrett. I was like, wow, that's crazy. Girl Scouts doesn't believe in a woman's right to choose. That's what I thought their whole thing was. I thought they're out here scouting choices. But apparently not. Apparently not. Then I sat on it for a while, because I was so mad. I was so pissed at the Girl Scouts. They let me down and I was so mad. And then it started to make sense. I was like, it makes sense that they would congratulate her. Because if we keep having these abortions, who is going to sell these cookies? Who is going to do it? Because I'm not going to buy a cookie for some old lady. It's like all day there. I won't buy a cookie for them right now. So I understand Girl Scouts' nuance take on abortion. We are killing their employees. Cookie sales is a fickle business. There can be a lot more Girl Scouts in Texas. I won't make the laws. I just have the information. I don't want to have it. That's why I feel so bad all the time. I also feel like I've been depressed just because nobody's told me a secret in a while. You know, I just need a good secret to keep me going. Just need a good secret. Because anybody ever told you something, you're like, oh, I'm a little bit forever. I'm a little bit forever. You're a demon, but I'm going to live forever. I need something evil, you know. Something that could ruin a family. That's the kind of secret I need. Something that could fuck up a will. That's when I need to keep my heart pumping. But no matter how bad my mental health gets, it'll always be better than somebody that drives a truck. I'm going to have to be a little bit more patient because I'm going to have to be a little bit more patient. I'm going to have to be a little bit more patient. Like a Ford F-150. I just feel like those are the least introspective people on the planet. Least introspective people on the planet. Because every time they get out of the truck, every time they get out of the truck, they tuck the mirror in. They tuck it in. And reflect. Maybe you're the reason your family doesn't talk to you. You know, it's not gas prices. The government. It's just who you are. Because people that drive trucks, they're always so mad about the gas. They're always so mad about the gas. But it's like, well, you drive the largest recreational vehicle available. If you just knew who you were and drove a Chevy Volt, you wouldn't have that problem. People would still come home and say, thank you for giving. And if you didn't eat all that gas, then they never would have taken down the towers. What? You got to consider all things. Thank you. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm going to be a little bit more expensive.
What's up? Fuck this mic. Let's do this. That's a dope dance. We're gonna have a good time. I'm living LA now. They need a subway. Fuck that. They got two people out there begging, hitchhiking, waiting for rides and shit. I hate hitchhikers too. First, let's have you see a hitchhiker. Do me one favor. Do what I do. See him like, pull past like 50 yards, pull over. Let the nigga run to your car. Like, hey man, you alright? My brother, you alright? Man, you pretty cool. You alright? Man, you alright? You alright? So nigga, get you a rear bumper, pull off like, I think what the hell? 25 more people do that. He'd be what the hell he want to be at. I think I'd be like, nigga, thanks man. I live right here. You alright, motherfucker? You alright? My house is right here. Thanks man. Number 19. Thank you. Thank you, motherfucker. He ain't got no car. He can't catch me. Fuck that nigga. Shit, fuck. I need the money. Death damn pay me. I need the money bad too, man. Phone bills kick at my butt. I call them 1,900 numbers, man. Once, I only did it once, man. You did it 1,900. It's like 4 play, 1,900. For the women to talk to you and get you sexier rals. I called one up last week. You know that stuff costs $4 for the first minute, $9.9 for each additional minute for some woman to talk to you and get you sexier rals? I called up some lady. I laid a stutter. She called me 415, motherfucker, dollars, y'all. She ain't telling me I'm a bippa baby. What you want to do? I know what you want to do. I know what you want to do. I'm not. What you want to do? I'm not. This shit is costing me, baby. I go on bison boating and have change for that kind of money. I'm saying. I love you, L.A. I love you women out here, but women are so fine. I'm glad it's getting cold. Oh, man, glad it's getting cold. Yeah, because the fashion's, man. I'm glad Biker shorts about played out. Consistors, you have some beautiful bodies, but all y'all can't wear Biker pants. Hell, just cause your girl look nice and don't mean your ass gonna look good on them. You know what I'm saying, fellas? Tell you that one rule, women, if you're not sure you can wear Biker pants, it's one rule. Go like this. If your stomach is bigger than your ass, you can't wear them. It'll often fall to be put up to women. Hey, good, you got nice, healthy ass. It's stomach. Goddamn, I thought it was your ass, girl. Fuck this. Shit. I saw this girl in the mall, man, today, I ain't seen her since high school. Fine, little girl, try to see her since high school. She had a child with her too, man. Cute little girl, you know she had a baby. I said, girl, what's up? I ain't know you had a kid. How did your baby? She said, my little shunt, tell you. She's 34 months old. I'm standing there thinking, how many times is 12 going to 34 with shit? Okay, what? How does one month, I got time to add to track? Break it down for me, baby. Shit. One, two. Break it down for me. I ain't got no time. Shit. You know, I read in the paper some stupid stuff, y'all. This homeboy got shot over his $130 pair of tennis shoes. Is that the stupid thing to do? Think about it. If you should have brought all his tennis shoes, you ain't guaranteed a shirt fit. No, why is it? Why am you shooting me so small? He walked around with a hundred and a half of a corn on your feet and shit. Gave you no ball with them. And I know about being shot, y'all. I got shot a couple years ago. Yeah, man, hang on to my boys, think I'm cool. I got shot three times. Shot in the hand, the calf, and in the back. Running my mouth, my fellas. I mean, McDonald's, I order some food. We walk out to my car, we jam and hand it good times. Think about what party you want to go to. All of a sudden his brother approached us. He started talking trash. Now I'm with my boys. I'm gonna talk trash back. I'm like, what's up? What's up? What you want to do? What you want to do? They got to pull the gun out. And I said, hey, what's up? Being pie my brother? You're not being pie. Shit, pie, pie, pie. I just started shooting and everybody was running. And you're like, oh, she shot me in the leg first. I'm like, oh, shit, this thing. You're crazy. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, That's, that's, that's, that's, I do this. You were the mountains in there guys. And everyone was running, I'm trying to get back into McDonald's. You know they lax you doing my ass. I'm going to be talking toairs of me, but gddo to dried throwing it. To click, click, click. I'm like, oh shit, don't run it, I'm running my heart just beat us. Just, like, oh my gau, your dum try me in the back. Style 140. I'm gau, narrow, I'm doing lockdown it. I'm like, oh, oh no. Look y Ehati left, make ittmundon hand blog Ralston, Tim, remove. Oh die, not coming back. I'm not going to do like a lunge. You ain't been shot, nigga? No, nigga, you ain't been shot. God bless, I'm outta here.
Cum Music Music Yeah, appreciate you guys. Get that going for yourselves. Thank you for coming out tonight, man. It's going to be a dope night. Come on. Thank you so much, L.A. for coming out and taking a picture of me for your story. I know you fucking assholes are going to tune out for the next 59 minutes. I also appreciate you guys coming out to the show, because I know some of you is your first time watching stand-up, makes you noise for yourselves. It's going to be a hard show. You got to watch the same thing for 59 minutes. It's going to be very difficult. TikTok has fried everybody. You could tell it's in the way you laugh. No one laughs normal anymore. Everyone's just like, next. But that's it. You just wait. No one has standards anymore. I can do anything on this stage. I can start cooking in the middle of this set. You just look at that and be like, whoa, four eggs at once. That's bold. Look at you idiots cheering. You're going to cook? No, dude. That's your neurodivergence right there. That word's not slick to me. I know it's supposed to be nice, but you say neurodivergent enough times. He's like, yeah, that's the R word, man, at a point. I'm back on. I'm back on the R word. That's what I'm saying. I was clean for many years, but I'm using it again. Heavy, man. I don't know who's cheering, but thank you. I guess that first R word back, oh my god, that thing hit. Now I'm doing a pack of R word a day. Just crushing them, man. I'm not telling you because I'm about to do the comedian thing and be like, everyone should say it. I'm just telling you because I want to live in my truth. And I also need you to have my back if I slip publicly. If I let that go on national TV or something, I need you to go right to the comments. My boys on a relapse right now, just. He knows he's wrong. You can get healthy any time. Give him a break. In the last year and a half, those are the biggest differences with me now. I'm smoking R word and I'm married. That's about it. Ever since Alina and I got married, we always get like, we get a lot of questions about marriage. People think marriage is super difficult. People ask me all the time, what's different now? It's like, fuck, nothing. We've been together like 11 years. Nothing's different, dude. I did have to stop fisting or though. Why? It was because my ring had kept hitting her IUD. That solid gold on copper right there, that's when that shit touches I'm fucking the Wi-Fi signal, man. A lot of people don't appreciate just how genius the IUD is. Yeah, I mean, it's like the perfect shape to kill a kid. I think it's the fins. You know it works because God killed his son with one. Imagine the abortion of Jesus that's left on man. Imagine being 33 and your dad wakes up and he's like, I changed my mind about you. Then it brings a village of people to come kill you with stones and slingshots, man. You didn't know that. The first IUD was made of wood. A abortion got you bent. You ain't the hanger. Shut the fuck up. Yeah. I could say this for sure. I can confirm. Gen Z, you guys are the fuck them kids generation. Hands down. Yeah. I think Epstein had a similar idea. From the fuck them kids spectrum, you guys are on opposite sides. You took it more literally. You all fucking hate babies, man. I'm not judging you. I really think old people get mad about abortion because they didn't have that option. Some of y'all got a parent. They're very jealous. Who do you come through? You're like, no, we just fried the egg, man. We're not doing it. You're like, oh, don't fuck. I would've shot you yesterday. I fuck with it, man. Especially Plan B, love Plan B. I don't think a very bold thing to say is a dude because I can't take it. I guess I like it for a philosophical reason. Sometimes I get high and I get sad that I'm going to die. You know the vibe, dude. Just chief and make it go away. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I get sad because I want to be in the future. I want to see flying cars and stuff like that. But then if I'm on the road and I walk past Plan B and a CVS, I'm reminded, I'm not the future now, man. It's pretty modern living, right? Especially for a lady, if you just wake up and you just recall last night, you're like, oh, fuck, no. Let me go handle business, yeah. You take $50 out of his wallet. That's not a dig. He owes you that. Yeah. Then you take your ass to CVS and you're like, all right. You walk two steps and you go, fuck it, twix, too. Let me treat myself. Plus I think if you take Plan B, you deserve credit. You definitely deserve some respect. All people always sit on the young generation, right? Especially now, it's like, ah, this generation solved. It's like not really. There's some girls in here with more confirmed kills on paper than some Marines, okay? You see motherfuckers standing outside Costco in an army uniform? If you take your Plan B, you walk right up to them, look them in the eyes, but you ever killed a kid before a motherfucker? A stolen valor. Take that shit off, man. Obama used drones to do what I did, you know? You know, it's you taking Plan B. Thank you for your service, you know? Yeah. It's always at this point in the show of the vibes, which is, I have you looking at me crazy, you know, damn, Rose, nothing like your YouTube channel. Yeah, you paid already. I could say what I want now. Nah, she's doing the right thing. She's laughing. Like a normal person. The rest of you just glazed over to me. I took a flight recently that kind of changed my view on 9-11. Hey, look. I was supposed to go to Australia, right? Then my flight got canceled. And then United made me pay $17,000 for a new flight. Yeah, right at that moment. All I could think was, I could blow a fucking plane up. I was just our aspire-line at the gate, you know? I just think it wasn't Bush or was it just like six brown dudes? Yeah, they got their flight canceled. They were in Chattanooga, Tennessee. To the gate, the gate agent was like, sorry, boys, you have to hang out here another night. They were like, oh. Tomorrow? We ride a dawn. I started thinking about 9-11, like a petty crime. I fucking, let's take two of these things, bro. One for each night we had to be here extra. And they took them up in the sky and they went, whoa. What do we do now? I was like, oh, let's go to New York. The first one hits the first tower on accident. The other guys are just kind of dumb. They're like, whoa, fuck it. Hit the other one. It's crazy because even, you know. No, no, no, you don't know what I'm about to say. You don't know what I'm about to say. Was wild as I say this, I know 9-11 is a distant concept to a lot of you. You don't really know 9-11 as 9-11. You know it as just like a random, you're just scrolling Twitter and you just saw like vids that go hard. It's just some shit you've seen in between only fans' promotions. I'm sure a lot of you know, but just in case you don't. The big thing about 9-11 was everyone thought, bush did it. I've thought a lot about this. And at this point, I wonder, you know, if Bush did it, why didn't he do the American thing and hit JFK? Alright, some of you failed high school. Let me explain it. So there's this airport in New York and it's named after this president, John F. Kennedy, JFK for short. And some bad shit happened to him. This guy Lee Harvey Oswald, aimed at gun and shot a fucking airplane through JFK's head. You felt the neurodivergence right there? How'd they get the airplane and the gun? They did and it's a joke, you fucking reek. All the gamers got blue balls right there. So look at my boy say the R word man, let it rip, let it rip. Sick when my boy say the R word dude. You know, his wild to me man is I can look into this crowd and I know exactly who's here. Like two at T, you know? You know, a lot of you've been watching me a long time. Oh. I was there when your parents were starting their divorce. You put your headphones in. Mommy and daddy are getting loud again. Just me and your phone. It's your boy. Now you're all grown up and suicidal, you know? Some of you dragged your boyfriends here. You're excited to the boyfriends I got dragged to this show. Appreciate you guys. We got a unique relationship, don't we fellas? Yeah, you just know me as the voice that you have sex to sometimes. They're all Pavlov, I'm telling you. The longer I talk, the harder they're gonna get. You know? It'll be 20 minutes into this show. There's gonna be like, babe, I'm gonna fucking pass out. I do not have enough penis for all this blood dude. Shout out to my lesbians, I know you're here. Yeah, the rest of you have to understand, I have an army of lesbians. Worldwide, man. Serious. Anywhere I pull up. Hurrah! They're gonna show up, you know? At this point, I think Lesbians still like me because we dress the same. Right? Right? Yeah. I mean, I was walking around New York, breaking lesbians next to you. I walk by Lesbian and I know she liked my pants. They always start with the pants. But then I know there's like a point they're probably checking me out. Cause, you know, I don't stand next to Alina. From the back, you could definitely be convinced. Then I just turn around and ruin the fantasy. Like, what's up? They're like, oh, that's a dude. I've learned a lot about lesbians. Just by proximity. I've learned as you guys get older, the top drawer and your dresser looks more and more like a gun owner's garage. You know, primary sidearm. Several attachments. Well, some lesbians have sex. It's just a scene out of the Kingsman, you know? Lesbians, you guys have a very incorrect concept of average. When you ask a lesbian her dick size, they start with the outside width of their chest. They don't even know the number. They're always just like, oh, like, saddened, you know? Even as I say that, all the dudes in here shrunk a little bit. Yeah. Seven. I don't think that she's fair. Lesbians get to skip that whole part with their penis where they have to like look in the mirror and love themselves. I feel like some of my guys in here that hit you on the way out tonight, you know? Walked out the shower, caught a glimpse of your nuts again and just... You're a good dude, man. You deserve love. And you turned left and you remember your eye level with the towel rack? Yeah. As horrible. There's nothing more emasculating. They're pulling a towel off at chest level. You feel like a baby, man. It's terrible. I don't want to get up here and make it seem like I have a problem with lesbians having huge cocks. I'm a little jealous. Sometimes I think we should... Really, I think we should take bill those out of the free market if... I'll be in honest. Like if I was president, you know, my first 100 days, you'd be grandfathered in. There'd be a grace period, you know? So there'd be 100 days where the lesbians could like do a run on sex shops, you know? They'd be running in there like... Give me 14 of the biggest ones, I need all of them. They won't take them away from us, you know? But then on day 101, the government would collect all the remaining bill those. And it would turn into a government-issued lottery system. You know? Which means, you know, a couple things, a couple negative things. One, you're gonna have to come out the closet at like 12. Because the waiting list is gonna be super long. But I think it'd do something special. I think it would make the experience of male puberty it'd be shared, you know? Because then like young straight dudes and lesbians, we'd all be in the huddle, you know? I wonder how big our penises are gonna be, you know? You know, so that lesbian would be waiting six, eight years, just waiting, waiting, waiting. They'd blow the candles out on his 18th birthday. The family's hype, hey, your penis might come this year. You'd be really praying to God, oh, I hope it's big, I hope it's big, I hope it's big. Then one day, you know, a lesbian will go to her front door. Yo, is somebody ordering umbrella? Holy fuck. Let's fucking go dude, yeah! Well, either that or... They're gonna go to the mailbox. Then you would have the sad task of learning how to be funny. You know the craziest thing I've seen a lesbian do at a show? I was in Tampa, Florida, it was a comedy club. Yeah? There's your parole officer, no, you're here. Check this bitch's ankles. I'm in Tampa, Florida. And comedy clubs not very big, you know, it's like maybe, it's like a little section right here. And so I shout out to the room and I go, yeah, where am I lesbian, is that? One of them stands up. Just like that, she lifts her hand up. And she just starts waving it. And screaming, like a banshee, just... I'm looking at her hand, I'm kind of bugged out, I'm wondering, what the fuck are you doing? Then my eyes kind of focus, I'm able to kind of peer and I realize what she's trying to signal to me. She had three acrylics. You can't see it, there's this virgin in the front row asking what that means. Let me explain it to you brother. So basically, you see this right here? This is what they did at JFK. They figured it was brain. I was watching this cartel video the other week. I'm watching this cartel video and I'm thinking to myself, we never think about this the other way around. Like you know, a cartel leader's probably seen a toy review video. He's got some trash bags in a shower, but the JFK some dude in the head. Here comes his son running in the room. We're kind of at a weird point in time, man. We're at a point where no one is going to get caught looking at porn in the living room. You felt that? Like who makes some noise if you grow up with a family computer? There's not many of us left, man. Like who up here? Never a family computer. Anyone? Right there, bro. How old are you, man? 18. 18. This is an alien as far as I'm concerned, man. He's like never that, you know. Never caught jerk in on the family computer. So what, you always have the internet between your hands? Ipad, baby. Like I don't think you're dumb. I think you understand the words family computer. But like you don't understand like the psychological, you know, like the terror of your back facing the room. The whole time you're on that thing, man. Like you never jerked off barefoot on linoleon. It's trying to feel the door opening, you know. Somebody walked through that motherfucker. I'm out of here, you know. He's never gone through this right here. What the fuck are you doing? I was playing Neopads. I don't know what that is. You're like, you're dead. You're dead. I was like, pull your shirt up. If you're a young woman, you know, why were you sitting on the computer chair arm like that? You slide off, um. It was a horse game. I was playing a horse game. You're talking to some old guy on club penguin the whole time. As soon as you got caught jerkin on the family computer, it just erased everything you knew. You're a whole new person at that point. You're like, ah, life is a privilege. Took years to erase that feeling. For many decades, a lot of us were horny and afraid. Never just horny, you know. You can't trust that with now. I bet a lot of young dudes in here, you probably woke up today. 11 a.m. Reached over to your bedside table. Oh, fuck it, man. Poor and hugged. You don't even appreciate noise-canceling headphones, do you? In the family computer world, we had computer speakers. You never turned those on, man. Porn for us was silent movies, okay? That's why dudes in their 30s can mone like women so well. The whole time we were watching porn, we were just doing voice acting, you know. Ah, fuck you. Reaching out to some strange lady through the glass, you know. I can hear you. I know you sound beautiful. You motherfuckers, you just. You never even thought about what's going on there, man. You never thought about how the atmosphere of the room is so still, your mind is so focused. And you contrast that with the violence that's happening on your phone. Oh, fuck. Oh, my God. I'm like, what are you doing? What are you doing? I'm getting out. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. If I jerk it off with your dick facing the door, unlocked, you're so entitled, man. You're not just the young dudes, you know, it's the women too, but at least when women do it, it's cooler. Yeah, when women masturbate, it looks like a samurai committing suicide. You guys pull your wand out of that velvet case, you know. Oh, fuck. I'm a disgrace to my family. I'm standing in a puddle of your own pee or whatever. That's a war veteran, two units away from your apartment. His hearing aids are picking up the frequency from your vibrator. Is he trying to make a sandwich and in the ether is just... Oh, my God. The Japanese have come back. Here's the difference between, sorry, generationally. If someone walked in on... That dude with like the door would open and they just go, yo, get the fuck outta here. You'd be yelling at the person like, guys, my body, you get that fuck out. But on the family computer, when you got caught looking at porn, you're apparently going to be fucking scared. with like the door would open and they just go, yo get the fuck outta here! You be yelling at the person like, I'm my body, get the fuck out. But on the family computer, when you got caught looking at porn, your parent was sit down next to you. And there might be some girls kissing on the computer screen, and they'd look at you and go, show me where you got this. And delete it. Now you're dragging porn out of the family photo folder. Just horny as hell next to your parent. You're like, do we have to do this together? They're just sitting there like, yeah, put in the recycle bin. I want to see it. I just feel that that's the reason a lot of you will get robbed, scammed. That shit gonna happen to you because you don't have that paranoia. You know? You missed out on that crucial life lesson. That's why I keep saying to Alina, if we have a kid, we're not gonna give it a phone. We're gonna, yeah. We're bringing back the family computer. We're gonna raise them right. And we're not gonna raise it in our LA home. No. We get a kid? Get a kid. Now you never know, I might draft, you know. A lot of prospects out of Korea, Africa. I mean, they're all over, man. My fuck around has signed a 17 year old, you know? I mean, you got one year, otherwise a team, you know, not a kid. But if we, you know, if we get the kid. I'll say that. If we have a child, we're gonna raise it in a 1,000 square foot apartment. Paper, thin walls, yeah. And in the middle of the living room, $50,000 gaming PC. Right where the carpet hits the linoleum, just split that center line. Just to see if my kid has the gall. The fucking entitlement that I would come home to the apartment that I pay rent on. And catch my child, just strapped into a VR headset, doing what it pleases, you know. I'd run across my apartment so fast and smack my kid at the back of the head. Boom! It'd be horny, its ears are ringing. Oh, what's happening? I get in its face. You motherfucker, you don't pay rent here. Don't jack off in my living room. You know, I'm trying to start the trauma, you know. I pick up the VR headset, put it on, and be like, show me where you got this and delete it. I might even get a little hard just to freak it out, you know. I'm gonna do that because I think, well, my thinking is if I do that, I'll give it the same paranoia that I had, you know. Might make it make better decisions. Now fast forward, my kid's in a movie theater with its future partner. His partner looks at it in the theater and goes, yo. I wonder if there's a freaky shit in here. My kid will know. My kid will look at his partner and go, uh-uh-uh. My dad might be here, you know. I imagine I do all that and I just give my kid a really weird kink. A horny is hell. Oh no, I hope daddy's not coming, you know. Don't fuck, I'm not the priest kid calm down. Oh, what, we got some proud Catholics in here? We got some Filipinos in here. Catholic church, 500,000. Little boy is zero. I grew up Catholic, I could shit on it, you know. You know, it's funny about the Catholic church. Fun little, you know, when priests make a mistake. You know when they have a little oopsie. And they calm on some kid's face. Calm on some death kid's face. And they go, don't tell your parents, oh wait. Well that's my stuff, that's my stuff. Not relax, I'm not trying to get out of what I just said. I know, I just said I would punch my kid while it's jerking off in my living room. I'm kidding, I'm not gonna do that, you know. I'm joking. I'm not gonna punch my kid while it's jerking off his side. I'm definitely, you know, I'm not judging you for jerking off crazy. Because I grew up in the chat room era, I have no room to judge. Chat room era was a time, wasn't it fellas? Am I boys now? In the real world, we are 11 year old boys. But online. 18. I was an 18 year old female. Yeah, and I'd have cyber sex with other 18 year old females. That were probably 11 year old boys. Me and some kids, Zach, just type in fan fiction to each other. Yeah, and then I suck your clip. Then I had the nerve to go to school and call other kids gay. Projecting hard as hell. No, your gay is f**k. Those were my formative years. Fingering people over keyboards. Digitally fingering people. And then just getting an argument with my mother, you know. She's a tough woman, man. Growing up with her was just like living in an Xbox lobby for 20 years. Kill yourself pussy! Well, some of you can't relate. Some of you are looking to be crazy. What moms don't say that? Yeah, they do. Come on, LA, I know you've done the CPS Huttelok before. Hey, the CPS Huttelok is, man. CPS has such a strong way of bringing a family together. You know, your family's having a WWF match in the living room. Oldest sibling about to go through a table. Here comes the youngest sibling. Hank, guys, I called the cops. Bro, you have no idea what you just did. We're all going down for this. Now your family's in the Huttel. What's the story? What's our story? All five of you are standing in front of a government agent. Oldest child has a black eye. Yeah, he fell down the stairs. Your mom's got a cold bag of peas on her nubbles. I tried to catch him. CPS agent knows you're full of shit. All right, so all five of you are corroborating that this child fell down the stairs in this one story home. Yeah, clever kid, really smart. My mom was tricky, you know. Sometimes chase the kids with a knife. She's like, you like Michael Jackson, right? And, you know, if I could, you know, give her some defense. I did puberty kind of weird. You know, I didn't really grow, but I pretty much got a regular person voice at like 11. I'm not exaggerating. I sounded pretty close to this at 11 or 12. Which changes things, you know. My mom might be chasing me around, you know, the kitchen island saying something mean, I wish you wanted my kid. Which I don't understand. I'm on the other side of that knife with my regular voice, you know, bro, stop. You're hurting my feelings, chill out. She thought she was attacking a grown man. My voice is big enough that they could just send me to talk to CPS on my own. CPS at the door, I open up my head by the door knob. Yeah, we're good. You can bounce. Agent Duffy is confused. Are you the father? My voice reminds of my dad's head, you know. Nice guy, but he kind of space out a lot. And I think, you know, in those times, he'd always mutter to himself about just life. And I could always extract information out of him. Because for those first 30 seconds, I think he thought I was just some dude, you know. One time he took me to school, stressed the fuck out. Like just... Oh, this fucking housing market. I'm just in the back. For sure, what's a housing market? Oh, housing market... is determined by a lot of factors, particularly market. Oh fuck. Oh. Oh no, wow. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. You buy a house. Uh, you have to take out a loan. In the loan, put you in something called debt. And that means you owe the bank a lot of money. I mean, fuck ton of debt and all that stuff. Fuckin' debt. I mean so much debt. Now let's do it's crime. In front of my junior high. Because I asked him a very adult question with a very adult sound and voice. But I'm 11. So I look at him and I ask him the only thing I was thinking in that moment. I look him right in his ear lobe. Oh, so is that why you drive a square car? I don't know what a mortgage is, bro. But everyone keeps making fun of me in there. Because you got a square car. I went to school mad that day, man. All I could think was my parents are dumb. And broke? Fuck! Pissed, dude. I went to science class, which is 1,000 yards there. This rabid kid came running up to me super hype. No, well, no, well, no, well. Tell me you've seen a new Jackass movie, bro. Tell me you've seen it. Tell me you've seen it. I'm just looking through him while he dances around. Not man, I haven't. Hey, real quick. You know what that is? It's been changed me forever as a kid. That was the weird part about the housing crisis. You were like 14, but you knew your parents money. It was really weird. The older I got, the more frustrated I would be. All I could think was, fuck, my family's so dumb. Mostly because at times, we felt more like roommates than we did family. I'm just trying to study Mesopotamia. And here goes the couple from Unit 3. I'm trying to study, and then here comes the old boy. Dude, this bitch is pissing me off, man. Always, he had been about the mortgage and shit. It's like, shut up, dude. Bro, I need you to do me a favor. I need you to go in that room and fucking talk some sense into her. Can you do that for me? My dad would ask me this. And I'd be looking at him with my 4-11 body, propped up with my computer chair. But what do you want me to say? And I puff up my chest and I go down on my father's behalf. I get into it. And you have to understand how bold this was because my mother, tough at times. She had a couple phrases that she pull out when shit got real. That was kill yourself and stop crying. Which I always kind of found to be redundant. I puff up my chest, I go down that hallway. I'm just counting on that door. Super confident for an 11-year-old. Yo, your boy says you're being a fucking bitch right now. That's when things went crazy. That's when it really went off the rails. The door of fly-open, my mother's seeing red. Shut up, no, I'll cut you with a knife. I'll cut him too. I'll kill you both. I just look back at her confused. I'm just a fuck bitch, I'm sad now. Dude, you said I'm not allowed to cry and I'm definitely not killing myself. So what do you want me to do? I gotta get my dad's incredible. You know, if you try to break up the trauma, I put him in Christian dance classes. We don't even Christian. But it's by the way, I don't know if you ever been selected for Front Row and a Dance Group, but when you up there dancing to Jesus is the lamb. And you're competing with a gay Christian kid in the closet. That's pressure. He is lightening it up over there. You gotta be on your toes like damn. Sasha and his city kid. You're just looking back at me like pick it up pussy. I'm like I'm trying, bro, I'm trying. I remember when I was like, you know, I was like 20. And Bank of America came to take our house. Shut up, I wasn't even sad, man. The cops came, I'm like bro, took you long enough, get us out of here dude. They're broke, they have no idea what they're doing in there. I just watched them argue about money and I'd be so mad like, y'all are some fucking broke boys dude. I remember about 20, I kind of looked at my parents and said, if neither of you will get the bag here, I guess I will. Yeah. Money's cool. Money is a, money's an interesting thing dude. There's clearly a level, like, this thing that freaks me out about money. There's clearly a level in a bank account where once you cross it, you're very confidently messing around with little kids. What? What, I'm saying something crazy up here? Don't do this to me. All Jared had to do was promote subway. That's all he had to do. Our Kelly had hits, he could have left it right there. Right there man. But both of them dudes got the bag and they said, now it's time to do what I love. Sometimes I spin out on this mentally, you know. I'm like, is that why they don't pay teachers a lot of money? Gotta keep them honest. We let one teacher get rich and he fucked it up for everybody man. Bought that island and it was all downhill from there. Oh shut the fuck up. None of you care about Epstein or anything that happened on that island. Stop playing me. I know you don't because when that Netflix documentary came out, I know a lot of you watched that and you had the nerve to take an edible before pressing play. Those women on your TV, given that horrible testimony, and then he made him give me a massage. Oh, damn, fuck the... Bro, you would have been more mad if they said he was kicking dogs on that island. I really believe that. I think if CNN had a headline, that free Epstein has dog kicking island. Yeah, yeah. Everyone who shops organic would have been on the South of Florida building canoes, you know, crossing the ocean with physical power. Mr. Epstein, we're coming for you. You bad, bad man. Does he hit the beach on that island like D-Day? Give us the fucking dogs. Some Asian teenagers would have ran down the beach. Oh no, it's the Nike factory. Whoops. Some people here with some new Air Force ones. Oh, man. I know what I just said. I don't make enough money to fuck a kid. I don't. I actually reason that I'm still like a real person, because I still think about killing myself. I think it's a human thought. I think that is a feeling that binds us all. That's what makes us all. You know, this is that feeling. Like you just look out at the beach and you think, I could just never go to work again. I genuinely believe this. I think something that is extremely healthy for your mental health is a Honda Civic. Maybe not like specifically a Honda Civic, but just a shitty car. Because you know if you wake up with dark thoughts and you climb into a shitty car, you may have got up that morning thinking today's the day. But then when you drive something where you feel the road the whole time, that makes you're like, oh, fucking not like this, man. Get me to work. Get me to work. Trying to stop a Honda Civic with some hot brakes on the freeway. That should have made you want to be alive. Quick. I really think a shitty car and work friends basically a retail job. That's good. If you've ever had a retail job, that's the most humble you're ever going to be. Because the other thing is when you have a retail job, again, you might wake up if you're like, today's the day. But then you kind of check out for a second and you go, nah, let me not do that. Because if I do that, Nick's going to have to cover my shift. I'm a fuck up Lawrence vacation. That's not cool. If I'm going to do it, let me be an adult, let me take PTO. Well then your PTO balance is jack shit. So you're like, I can't even fucking kill myself. I don't have an PTO. So you just live in life. You got to figure it out, which I think is a good place to be. I miss my Civic for that reason sometimes. I'm still on the pandemic commute. Bedroom to the office. Which is a treacherous, you know, is getting up every morning looking in the mirror, Kurt Cobain on the other side. I'm not exaggerating. I have those days. I get up. I'm just looking at me. Looking down the barrel of the gun mentally. I got a shake that shit off and just get in front of the camera and start talking. Who? Invest in your best asset. Yourself. Online therapy might be for you. That's when I really want to kill myself, man. Look how you fucking sell out. It was wrong with you. God. Look, I know it's tough topic. But I do think I have the funniest way to do it. Alright, let me try. Okay. Okay, look, imagine I put a video on the internet. And it opens on a frame and it's just me holding a piece of paper that says, Hey, man, I love you, but I'm out. No, but wait. Before you can think too hard, the camera zooms out and it reveals me standing at the top of a... ...of a thousand stairs. Little finish line painted at the bottom. Couple monster flags every 20 steps. Before you can think the camera zooms back in, I'm butt-ass naked. I just wink at you. Some of you have a sense of humor. You start chocolate. The rest of you are doing what you do now. You know, just out, man, that's fucked up. And it is exactly at that moment. I would cut to the GoPro footage. I break you. I break you. One minute in. I think he mown right there. Ah! Like, group chat. Deep this shit. Look, man, obligatory disclaimer. If you have those failings, don't do it. You can't say that more than once. It's patronizing after that. Come on, bro, don't do it. Bro, stop. Not serious, don't. I'm not done with you. You're gonna die anyway. I was a little fuck around, find out. I think we are convinced that we're these complex creatures and we're not. Humans, we're very easily amused. It just takes one good experience to make our whole personality. There's one. You might get some head next year. That memory will carry you to 67. That story will be your set in every social interaction. You know I got some head ones. You just think about it. I'm serious. If you have a parent, face time them tonight. Hey, bro, what's the best head you ever got? You blow some dust off the back of their brain. That's my positive message for the night. Don't give up, get some head first. It's good to see you guys enjoying yourselves. Sometimes I look at 18 right here. I was 18, I don't know if I could just enjoy myself like that. You know, you said they're just cheese and just add. I was 18 in college, I had those days. I'm the headest fuck. My college didn't help. I was in the business program. I was a moron. Yeah, with my fellow business majors. Stupid people at unite. My college was crazy because I won. I won side of the spectrum. I'd have people 50 years old. You know, look at me in a communications class freaking me out. Don't make the mistakes that I made. Ah! It's just the fuck up on 19. On the other half it was people my age, you know, coming to school and $70,000 cars. Bro, we have a quiz today. Fuck, I forgot my Adderall. This is fucked. I'm gonna fail. I can't believe how many study groups I was in with, you know, people were supposed to be legal adults. Almost crying to me. You know, library study room about a, you know, do your Asian or some shit, right? Like you can help me. You can help me on this quiz, right? My dad said if I don't graduate this year, I'm not gonna get to work for a construction company. I'm really scared. Promise you're gonna help me. I looked these people in their soul. And I would just snap, you know. Shut the fuck up, pussy. Stop crying. Fuckin' kill yourself. Hey, oh, L.A. Thank you so much for coming out, man. Wow, it took high. That's what you crazy, man. You crazy. I appreciate you. You're crazy, man. Thank you so much for coming out, man. I wanna see you again. Let's do it again. Have a good night. I love you. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy.
Alright, are you ready for your headliner, Tom? How many clubs? Awesome! You know from the dollar contest, please let the hands get us a dance rinno! Alright, here we go. Showtime. What are we dealing with tonight? Who are these people? Moha. Blue. Noted. On their phones. Sisters? No. Is that... These two are trying to be in your deal. Is that my brother? No, no, no, no, I hear... No? I hear a few people. Okay, now, touch. Thank you, miss. Two people said Garrett, Thrusty said Gary. Yeah, there's no material this evening. So if it's garbage, you know, that's partially your fault. So when I like that, I feel good about that. Together? Yeah, alright. Doesn't feel super romantic right off the bat. Feels going good? Going alright, yeah, it feels like it's going alright. Feels like the right answer. It's going, now he's holding her hand. He's like, come on, baby, let's pretend. Come on. Be the beard you promised you'd be. You said you'd fulfill that rule. How did you meet? Work. Work. What is work? Your gardeners. Gardeners for the city. So this is taking on a bit of a porny vibe, honestly. A couple of gardeners like Adam and Eve kind of. Just sort of... We met in a garden. And then, can I... I would like to picture that one day you sort of parted some shrubs, miss, and you were like, who the fuck is that? I'll drink a water over there. A man, Mirage, or is that from Mama? And then what's the first move? You're like, you like Wack and Weeds, huh? How long have you been together? Four and a half years. Okay. Marriage, maybe? Okay. Oh, I like that you're acting like you're in the passenger seat of this, sir. I hope so. You never know if it's possible. You never... It's impossible to tell, isn't it? Right? All right. Well, that's cool. Won't get for you. Is sharing the animals and anything like that? Wrong. Okay. I'm going to... Sometimes you go one question too far in this stuff, and that's... That's just kind of how it is. You're like, I'll ask one more question. You're like, any animals? And he just like a gun on his hips at frogs. What a gardener pet frogs. Yes. How many frogs I must know? Four? One for each year we've been together. Each year we get another frog. Like rings in a tree. How long have you two been together? We'll go count our frogs. You're right. Sorry, I asked. Wow, five years. That's great. We don't know if it's possible. Huh? The fuck? Good for you. That's hot. Turned on by that, sir. Yeah, it's hot, right? Yeah, a little frog love. Yeah. You're holding hands. Were you holding hands before I started talking to them? Did you realize once I started ripping on him, you're like, give me that fucking hand. Give me the hand. Give me the hand. Oh, there we go. How did you two meet? Eight, eight, eight, four years ago. Okay, and when I said how did you two meet and you answered with a number, what happened there? I didn't say how many frogs have you been together. I said how did you two meet? Eight frogs. We've been together for eight frogs. How's that so? Together? No. Friends? Yeah. Friends? How did this, what's that? We are entrepreneurs from Central Valley. You're entrepreneurs from Central Valley. Entrepreneurs is my favorite job. That's like, sometimes you go on like dating apps and that'll be someone's job and you're like, unemployed, okay? I'm an entrepreneur. Sure you are. Yeah. So are you entrepreneurs who work together? No. You're separate entrepreneurs across so you one would think that this should not be a friendship. Entrepreneurs across the street from each other, this feels like it should be rivals. You guys know that somebody's already beating you to that territory, right? To me, entrepreneur, maybe it's just my version of entrepreneurs is like an inventor to some extent. You're not bad. You just have a record place and you a pizza place and you guys are like, we both sell circles that people like. This can work. And is that what your entrepreneurship is based on? Your pizza and your records? Yes. So I just not to dig in too deep. But one would think that you were just people who ran businesses. Okay, then your business owners. Now what about this? Takes you from the level of business owner. This is what happens when you're in San Francisco. You're like, I actually, I've invented business. Okay? I'm not getting laid after owning a pizza shop. I'm an entrepreneur. And then is that how you met across the street? You're like, this son of a bitch is a real entrepreneur. Records, nobody's ever heard of this idea before. Is that what happened? We just drink beer. We're out all, yeah. The simplest way to get one of my crowds on your side is good. We have drinking crowds. It started off weird, but then they want me over with their drinking issue. You're giving up strong. You don't want to talk to me energy, sir. And that, for me, makes me want to talk to you. You're masked and you're shirt matched. You're looking away every time there's a law. You're like, don't look at him. And then his vision is based on movement. He will not be able to pick up on you. What do you do for work, sir? Unemployed. Okay. All right. You know, sir, I've got a solution to that. Just say you're an entrepreneur. You don't need to say that anymore. You're an entrepreneur. Together? Yes. Yeah. How long? We didn't have three to have. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah. Meet how? An app. That's how people do it these days. It's especially in this fucking town. That's how these guys met. Yeah. They met on bump up credentials. Which one? Which app? Coffee meets the... I'm sorry. What the fuck is it called? Coffee meets bagel? All right. There's officially too many dating apps. One of them is called coffee meets bagel. I know how it happened. You were the only two on it. And you're like, oh, fuck. Someone else is on this shit. The headquarters of coffee meets bagel. We're like, guys, you're not going to believe this. We've got a second person signing up. Has anyone here ever heard of coffee meets bagel? Jesus Christ. What a sad town. What a sad, sad town. Did anyone else here meet on coffee meets bagel? Well, that's interesting, isn't it? I can tell it's going well, too, because you two just high-fived. Which is the sign of a couple in love. Fuck yeah. So how many options are you giving a day? So they give you two... Women get more than men? No, maybe not more than men. How many do you get a day? Ten. And you got what like five? What the fuck? It's just like how the economy works kind of. They're just like women get half as much. That's what... That's equality in America. And that's what we're going to go with. There we go. Fair, fair, fair. Okay. All right. It sounds like dog shit. I'll be honest. I really... I'm happy for you, too. And then, have you deleted coffee meets bagel since? Yeah. Yeah, you know. She hasn't acknowledged. She hasn't answered the question, sir. You answered the question immediately. Like, oh yeah, it's gone. She was like... Women get five. That's official. I appreciate it. Anyone have a weird story of how they met? Anyone got a crazy story outside of that? Weird job? Yeah, what do you got? So we met at a concert where we both went to the concert. And we were like, oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So we met at a concert with two obligatory guys here where we both went to the concert and the appropriate speakers. Yep, right. Yep. And then the boyfriend and girlfriend, two weeks later, we'll be like, hey, I met his person at the concert and then they introduced us. What the fuck? So you independently go, then your significant others meet each other at the concert, what, how? Really? They were standing on the rail. Her boyfriend, he could move so that my girlfriend could get a better view. And then he was like, yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Should I fuck her? Yeah, you want me to move so she has a better view? What if I just fuck her and take her away from you? Is that a good plan too? How about this? I'll do you one better. I'm going to start dating her. And, yeah, is that good for you? Yeah. Yeah. No problem. No, she deserves a better view. And a better relationship. She deserves a lot of better shit. I'm going to give it all to her. Man. The butterfly effect of that, you're just like, can she see a little bit better? Mm-hmm. Fuck. Okay. And then, so they break up with you. We broke up with them. Well, to be fair, sir. I don't know. It's quite a political way of saying it. I'm the contrary. We broke up with them. On account of we don't like when our significant others fuck other people. So I ended it. Okay. So they broke up with them. I like that you're sure about that. We broke up with them, asshole. I don't get broke it up with you guys. Were you meeting up to sort of commiserate over how silly that was? No. No. And then realize who we were. Oh, you? Was it coffee meat donut? And he's like, please. She's like, I knew you looked familiar. I only saw ten men on the mother bugger. I remember them all. So you matched on the app, then you went out. And then, do you, are you, I mean, by the way, this is like NBC right now is like, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Is there, do you ever see your ex significant other? No, you're done with them. Not now, no. No. Well, yeah. I know at the time you did. Then you made the terrible move of asking for someone to scooch. How long, how long ago was that? That was three years ago, 2019. Fucking, that's so crazy. And you two, are they still together? No. They broke up. They only went on one date. They went on one date. We were the ones that got together. So they threw it all away for one date. They broke up because they wanted to go out so bad because of the rail thing. And well, yeah. Not for everybody. That's fucking, nobody can beat that, right? Yeah, everyone's like, no fuck that. That's a pretty good one to be totally honest. Mohawk. Good day to you. Is it a blue mohawk? Yes, it is. Nice. I made him diet fresh tonight. You, wow, sounds like a great relationship you found yourself, Inzer. Diet fresh for the night ass hole. We're going out. He's like, but I'm a rebel. Diet. I don't like blue. It's my mood hair. I'm feeling blue like my moho. How long you had a moho, sir? Since 1992. Holy shit. Yeah. Look, you statue of liberty. I have the king of the audience. What's never, never shaved it? Never gone for court twice. That tracks. Right, they're like, yeah, they're like, well, he's just a skinhead. He can live in America. He's okay. What did you go to court twice for? And, sir, to not either you don't remember or it's pretty bad. She's like, you don't remember it. It's for my ex-later. And then you took all that money from that gasket. You don't remember Mary? I mean, I am. You might not want to say. She's like, I got it. Don't worry. I got receipts for this motherfucker. He dies in blue because he knows I know where the bodies are buried. Diet blue. I fucking call the FBI. I got it right. 911. Diet blue. That's what I thought, motherfucker. You don't have to say what you went to court for. There's been many reasons. Well, so there's been more than twice that you've gone to court. Other times you wore the mow-off. I have fun with the mow-off. So you've gone to court a lot of times since 1992. Yes. Okay, I love you. I appreciate your honesty tremendously. I'm enjoying it. Okay. So, yeah, okay. Well, we don't know what he went there for yet. You guys might be killed in a parking lot later. So, might be one entrepreneur down. He's going to be like, shit, where's my record buddy? One shop owner dead. Well, it's not him. My buddy's an entrepreneur. Can't be him. I was worried. I was missing Dan for a while. But he's an entrepreneur. And did you find the treatment from the judge different with the mow-off? Yes. They don't like the mow-off. It's interesting. It's interesting. It's interesting. It's interesting. Are you finding a lot of this out for the first time? Missed you seeing? Okay. This is our second time dating in three years. This is your second time dating in three years. So, you mean you had a dating and then... Wait a minute. Do you know those two people right back there? Did they look familiar? Miss, were you? Did you want a better shot at a concert? Were you like, can you get him to scooch? He's like, were you scoo... Oh. Okay. So you... I walked up to a near-deep party and I was a really hot guy with crazy boots and a mow-off. And I was like, he's a very good guy. Did I laugh? And Matt's on Tinder. You be cladered and he's like, did you still live here for my friends near-deep party? Yes sir. Nobody likes an initiation like that more than me. Instead of being like, hey, how's your weekend going? Did you just start off with the juice deal liquor from my friends party? What prompted the initial break up if that's too much you can tell me to fuck off? You were both drinking too much. Did you take liquor from the near-yers party? Sir, do you think she did? So... I don't know, let's go. By the way, you can tell he's been to court a bunch. He's like, just one more thing you're on her. So the evidence that I have... The evidence listed in the year, you're like, I've been to court what this day my first rodeo. Being a friend brought four bottles of champagne to this party. It was the only champagne at the party. Nice. Her and her friends show up, they hang out for 40 minutes, they leave. We go to pop the bottles, there's only three. I run into her on Tinder with an a week, and a first sentence on her Tinder profile so that she liked three things. I forget what the first one was. It was something, breakfast burritos and champagne. The defense rest, your honor. The defense rest. Miss, it's not great. I mean, it's really... Did you have any relationships when you took the break in between the three years? Oh, yeah. Wow. Relax, sir. Jesus Christ. I was like, sort of. He was like, fuck yeah. I mean, I really... I put my coffee in the donut. You know what I'm saying? I really... Together? You've considered it. So, yeah, I like that she's like, that's so scandalous. My blue mohawk boyfriend lives in a courtroom, but what you said is shocking. As a bottle of champagne drops for under a shirt and smashes. Okay, fine, I fucking took it. Okay, fuck. And I stole the breakfast burrito and whatever the first thing is. You're the real tender swindler. That's what you are. How did you two me? Don't nudge each other. That's not... Shit, you tell him. Fuck you, you tell him. 32 frauds ago. 32, so you've been together for 32 frauds. Yeah. Isn't it nice that you have now created a system of years? 32 frauds and nobody laughed. Everyone was like, oh, that's so long. 32 frauds. How many frauds you've been married? 22. 22 frauds married. Wow, Jesus Christ. How did you meet? Love it, fuck. Love it, second sight. You're not getting late tonight, sir. I'm not going to lie to you. Judging on her reaction, she was like, no, no, no, no. You're going to wait half a frog until we fuck again. Anyone hammered? Woo! Yeah, hammered. How did you two meet? Oh, okay. Yeah, that'll teach you to be enthusiastic, won't it? She's like, fuck, I just want to say I was drunk. What the fuck? No. Are you together? Yes. How? No. No, that's the go-to. Women are... We are together. No, we're not. I mean, we sometimes drink wine and kiss. I'm sorry, I've said too much. Sometimes happens. She just gave you a job. She gave you a job. What job did she give you? Us. Easy does it now. Easy does it. Scientists. Scientists? Yeah. You're both scientists? Yeah. He's fucking out of here. You see him? He's like, scientists, portion of the show. Take back a camera, motherfucker. I'm going to go. We're going to beat up a guy in an hour. Now, here's where you see how dumb I am. As I attempt to have a conversation with scientists about science. What kind of scientists? All of them nucleotides. Oh, okay. I know actually know a lot about all of you. I know you're going to do the nucleotides. That's amazing. Is it true that around you, you know, you're going to have a conversation with scientists about science? Is it true that around five o'clock the nucleotides get a little lower? Excuse me? Six, around six? Yeah. Okay. No, no, I'm having fun. But ocluonucleotides, that's awesome. I was actually reading an article recently about nucleotides. Tell me what you think about this. Because a lot of people think that nucleotides are not as prevalent as they were about 10 to 15 years ago. Do you? Are you noticing that there is a sort of a scarcity to the... I pronounced it perfectly and dropped the fucking thing slippery as shit. I don't know what happened. Wouldn't you think it maybe is it? You put it in the... You put it in the aglio? Sure. Yeah. The nucleotides go in the aglio. Yeah. Absolutely. The fuck is the blue mohawk guy? I really... It's been gone for like an hour. I feel like I miss him. He was like, we were on the same page. What did you do before COVID? What was your calling? What the fuck did anybody do before COVID? I don't know. Can't have this testing model? I wasn't even asking you, but okay, great. Yeah, I was talking to her. Yeah. She was in college. Okay. Don't get pissed off at her for being in college. She was in college. Talk to me, motherfucker. I worked and we... So you were working in cannabis. He's right back. As soon as cannabis comes up... As soon as scientists was said, he was gone. As soon as cannabis was established, his ass was back in the seat. I think you just crawled under the table for a little while. Together, friends? We live together. Live together. Is there any hint of hooking up or no? You're just platonic roommates, yeah. Is it just YouTube? Oh, God. If she wasn't sober. If she wasn't sober, it might happen. So in other words, you need her to grease the wheels a little bit to make a move. What an amazing position you're in where you like fall off the wagon and I'll hook and take advantage of you. Come on! How long have you been off the booze? I quit right before the pandemic. Well, smart decision. Yeah, honestly, great call. Because if you feel like you're teetering and then you go to the pandemic, like the pandemic opened me up to drinking on levels where I was like, I'm living like Winston Churchill right now. This is not... I'd be like, nothing wrong with a gin moutini before a 2 p.m. bath. Buddy, get your fucking shit together. What was your drink of choice? Wine. Wine, yeah. Well, it's also dangerous. Also dangerous, because you can be like, you're like, I didn't drink too much. Just two and a half bottles. Hmm. Man, I'm okay. And what are you drinking? Oh, I also like wine. You like wine. Well, that sucks for her. She's just sitting behind you like, how is it? Describe it to me. Like, you could kiss a little off my tongue if you wanted. Suck some tan and zovamamas. What do you whispering about, sir? Sir, what did you just whisper to her? You drink is too strong. What an amazing complaint. She's like, I got your back, motherfucker, bring it over here. Not a problem I had. Alone? Yeah. Oh, they put you over in the corner. They were like, do you have anyone with you? You're like, no, they're like stasher. If I'm going to look at it negatively for myself, it was that you couldn't find anyone to come to my show with you. And that's the reality, isn't it? Are you alone? Get the fuck over there. Huh? Or do you want to go over there? This is how friendships happen. There we go. Miss, take the long way, really. Make it as long. I feel like a price is right at the crowd. You're the next concessant on the friend is right. There you go. Fuck yeah. There we go. Magic. Fucking beautiful. And you're like, I actually like to sit alone, to be honest, sir. You left your purse over there just in case. Smart, I hear there's not a lot of crime in this town. So that's a good call. By the way, you know who's over there, right? Fucking Blue Mellhawk is right over there. You're not going to see that fucking purse again. Are you kidding me? That's champagne money to those two. What do you do, miss? Hair dresser. Hair dresser, okay. What about you? Boyer. Okay. By the way, yeah. Does he look familiar? No. I guess I could ask you the same question. Does he look familiar? No. I'm not sure. The perfect coupling for this gentleman here. The two things we've talked about with you are represented right over there occupationally. What do you do? I work with hair and you. I know him from court. Okay. All right. All right guys, I appreciate you all coming out for real. Thanks so much. Thanks, let me talk to you. I appreciate it. You're the rest of it. Thank you. Thanks guys. Bless your heart. I'll see you next vlog. Hey. You
This is the last party festival. Kevin Hart presents KELOLAND CHIABAND. I'm the divorced father of teenage boys. That's who the hell I am, man. Let me tell you something. The worst thing about fatherhood of boys is waking the asses up, man. If y'all ever tried to wake a teenage boy up, it's epic. This game of thrones like, man, lives is on the line. They just stayed dead. They don't swim. They don't sleep. They comb. You understand me? It's like they cryogenically frozen in the science fiction movie. It's like they're traveling through space. It's like aliens too waking them up, man. I got to say, I got to literally set my youngest son on fire to wake his ass up. And I'm known as like, it's four ways people wake up in life. It's four ways people wake up. These are the four wake up stages. You got the coma wake up, which is my youngest son, where they just, people just look at you with dead eyes. Like, they're looking through you. You wake them up. They're like, are you up? How many fingers am I holding the head? I don't know where he is. That's one way. Another way is the panic wake up. Okay. When you wake them up, they always panic down. Like a lot of women wake up like this. When you wake them up, oh, Lord, is everybody okay? How the kids doing? Lord Jesus, what's going on? How the kids are? How the kids are? How the kids are? How the kids are? How the kids are? How the kids are? How the kids are? How the kids are? How the kids are? How the kids are? Lord Jesus, what's going on? How the kids are? Okay, what kids are you talking about? You don't even have kids. What were you dreaming about last night? Oh, Lord, the kids. The ship turned over. Like, what were you dreaming about? The third way is the cranky wake up. A lot of people wake up like that. Like, they hate you and life when you wake them up. Even though they asked you to wake them up, they still cuss you out for waking them up. And they ask you. It's so sweet when they ask you. Like, listen, I got to get up at 8. I cannot over sleep. Please, if you could just find it in your heart and soul, the humbly wake me up. Please, I'm begging you. Thank you. Can you do that? Oh, praise God for your soul. Thank you so much. Humbly though. They go to bed. You happen to wake them up like, oh, that was so sweet. You wake them up like, what the fuck you want, man? You told me to wake them up like, what the fuck I said? Make it out of here, man. Then they go sit on the bed for 10 minutes. Like, yeah, get out of my room, man. Yeah. And then you got the denial sleep. That's me. That's the eye fault of sleep. Like, when you wake me up, I'm the person that acts like I was never sleep. I try to dive into a conversation that wasn't even happening. Like, you wake me up, yeah, yeah, cause they don't have those taxes overseas. The taxes are different. What you talking about, Tony? Yeah, I agree, man. Cause some of the time it's my life. I was like, what's wrong with you? You know, I'm on the phone. I don't know. I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone. I'm on the phone. Cause some of the time it's my least favorite season as well. You wake me up. Oh, McDonald's actually has the best fries in the fast food chain. You all year, wouldn't talk about that. Excuse me. Like I said, man, I got boys, man. And I'm single. But I'm technically not single. Cause my son has a girlfriend. So I'm paying for his dates. So it's like I'm dating. I'm basically the executive producer of his relationship. That's what the fuck I'm doing. You know what I'm saying? I'm the executive producer of my son's relationship. I just hate all my kids too, man. They just got it made all around, man. Like I was watching my kids eat cereal other day, eating breakfast while watching Netflix at the same time. Let me tell you something. I grew up in the 80s. That wasn't an option for me. Okay. We couldn't even go in the living room to watch TV while we ate. We had to eat first, then watch TV. Cause we only had one TV downstairs, okay? And you damn show what needn't in the living room. So we just had to sit there and eat, and we had nothing. You know what the best show on TV was for breakfast? The back of the cereal box, season one. The back of the goddamn cereal box was my Netflix. You be eating your cereal, you turn that box over, you be like, okay, all right. You read that whole thing. You read that whole box from top to bottom. Just, okay, okay. If it was amazing on there, you did the maze, you was like, okay. And if you was a two bowls of cereal cat like myself, I would do the maze backwards on the second bowl. Look, I almost switched it up on this one. Okay. Best show on TV back then, man. I'm a foodie for real too, man. I love food, food is life. Food is life. Food is my vice. People ask me what's your vibe, because I don't smoke, I don't drink, I don't gamble, I don't do prostitutes, I don't do happy ending massages. People are like, what's your vibe? Because people don't trust you until you show what the vice is, okay. I'm like, food is my vice, I better respect food, because food is killing people by the millions out here. Poor dies respect my vice out here. Food is my joint, man. Food is better than sex to me, man. Because I'm single. I don't know when I'm having sex again, but I know for a fact, I'm eating again tonight. Guaranteed. Guaranteed, raw, unprotected eating too. I'm gonna probably eat with strangers tonight. That's how risky it is out here, man. Food is better than sex. If y'all don't agree with me, food is better than sex, man. You can talk about food with anybody. Anybody, strangers, kids, whatever. You can't talk about sex with anybody. Like, I can run up to a stranger on the street and be like, who got the better piece of New York and Chicago? Go. And we'll be talking for 15 minutes, arguing with them. I can't run up on you. All right, man, what's your, the dog and style of mission there? Which one's better? Oh, you slapping me out here? This is crazy. Food brings people together. Sex tells people apart. It ruins families, friendships. Fellas, how many times have you heard this from a woman? I don't want it ruined in the friendship. First of all, ladies, let me tell you something. We don't give a damn about the friendship, all right? We'll take that chance. If we lose you as a friend, all right. All right, all right. That's too bad. We wouldn't even friends that long. Man, we friendship, but you're talking about. Food has a holiday. Sex doesn't. Thanks, given. Food. You can pay day off to eat. You can't take the day off with sex. You come in the next day, you getting fired. Hey, where was you at Thursday? Oh, man, I was having sex, man. It was sex day. You fired. Food is better than sex, man. You can swap recipes with your grandmother. You can't swap sex moves with your grandmother? That's disgusting. Can't call your nana up. Nana, what was that move you used to put on granddad? Oh, that was the back with swivel kick, baby. He climbed max every time we tried it. I was like, what's wrong with you? I was like, what's wrong with you? I was like, what's wrong with you? I was like, what's wrong with you? I was like, what's wrong with you? I was like, what's wrong with you? It's normal to have sex every time we tried it. Call me, and let me know it would work for you all. I'll be in myiedzie, man. That's disgusting.
Oh, y'all look good. You already have a good time tonight? Hey, nigga, chill your ass out. Ooh, you know, it is like me. Get my cousin. Hi. Sit your ass down now. Hey, how you doing? Hey, what? But you got jungle fever. You got jungle fever. You. How you doing? How did I miss you? How the hell did I miss her? No, get nervous now. Be proud of your shit. She getting red too. You're like, oh fuck. I told you I didn't want to come. I didn't know anything about the deaf jam. God. Oh, he just spoke with family. We're all family. And welcome. No, no, be embarrassed. I know when you all didn't use bad, too. You're like, it, let me. Reservation for you. Oh, shit. No, I'm just saying I don't be nervous. Nah, that's cool. We all, we family. Hi, look at the damn sheep. Why you got your eyes on? You do. You all right? Okay, look good, too. Sorry, pussy just throws me in. I'm sorry. Sorry, pussy just throws me in. Look at this motherfucker. Hey. How you doing? Cooling, you know, cooling hanging in there. Yeah. Hey, whatever, you know. What happened? You could talk to me. I'm your motherfucker. You could talk to me. No, it looks good, though, man. I like y'all, give my man who I noticed him from the back. He said, my uncle's your mom won a round of applause. He's throwing it out. What's up, man? You got a little dog with you? I'm not gonna bring a little dog to his show. What are you gonna laugh at? What are you gonna laugh at? I got a dog with you. What's up? All right, take the spotlight off from spotlight, man. Shit, you embarrassing him. Good, look at the brothers over here. What's up, man? We got gold shitting him up, huh? How much is it called? A lot of motherfucking money. You're not gonna knock your goddamn T-valfas on gold tea, huh? What's that you got? You got like a baby jury, girl. That's real nice. That's this real hip. That's your real hip? I'm fucking amazed. Women like motherfucking good hair. I don't know what that shit is, man. My sister is married to a motherfucking convict. But married him because he had good hair. I told her, what the fuck are you doing? You know what I'm saying? That motherfucking love, man. I said, what the fuck are you doing? Okay, I'm gonna tell you a joke. That motherfucking guy's so good. That's hair. Blood heads on it. We see black people though, right? We're good hair. We always make some goddamn excuse on it. You know what I'm saying? I'm just kidding. Damn, baby, you got some... That's your hair? She said, yeah, that's all I mean. So, damn, that's real, buddy. That's a nice hair. Well, you know, we got Andy and then off our hammer. All right. Oh, no, my mother's hot on her side. The fuck out of here. Yo. You're cute. Very pretty woman. I hate a pretty motherfucking woman. Because they're hard to leave, man. You know what I'm saying? You can't walk out on the motherfuckers, right? You know, you're just like, what? What the fuck is it? And if you can't understand me, fuck it. Please. What are you doing this to me? That shit is hot.
Ladies and gentlemen, Kelsey Cook! Jennifer, how are you feeling? Wow, I think you guys so much for coming out. Feel so good to be back in the land of hot, outdoorsy couples. Look at all of you. It's a treat for my eyeballs. I love it. Except I could never tell with you Denver dudes if you're actually hot or if you just have facial hair. You know what I mean? You guys always have a hat, mustache, beard, an IPA blocking your nose and mouth. I'm like, are you attractive? You just cover a 90% of your face. Because we all think that cats are cute until you see a hairless cat. And then you're like, kill it with fire. No. Any time I've seen one I've been like, is it sick? And the owner's always like, no, we actually paid $5,000 for him. So I'm like, for gollum with a collar? Why? I'm gonna just blow my nose into Kleenex and hand it at you for free. It looks the same. It's just runny shapes. I don't like it. I'm glad you guys came out. I know that everybody said a really crazy past couple years. I hadn't especially crazy 2020. I actually got divorced a week before COVID hit. Yeah. So who's ready for some comedy? I just start crying. No, it's okay. I think the craziest part about getting divorced is having to change your emergency contact back to your mom. It would be less embarrassing to use a stranger from Craigslist. True like. But other than that, it went pretty smoothly. Like, we still have a lot of love and respect for each other. He's also a comedian, so we didn't have a lot of assets to split up. It's not like there was a summer house and a boat. It was like, do you want the Batman begins DVD? Who gets the good spatula? And after some time had passed, we decided that we were going to try and be friends again. And that's always a little weird. The first time you try hanging out with an ex as a friend. When he saw me, he fist bumped me. I was like, well, honestly, I would rather have you fist me. That would feel less physically uncomfortable. Then this night, Mary, you just put us through. Hey, to that. Absolutely not. And I've had the deadly peanut allergy for most of my life. So for the eight years we were together, he had a stop eating peanut products. Because if he did and then kissed me, my throat could close. So when I saw him, I was like, oh, what's a like to eat peanut butter again? He goes, oh man, we should have broken up a long time ago. I don't even blame him. Have you had peanut butter? I can't compete with that. I hate that the person I'm with has to give that up. That puts way too much pressure on me to be worth the trade off. Right? Like, you're going to rob a man of Reese's for the rest of his life. Bitch, you better be pretty open-minded in the bedroom. I'm going to make a man stop swallowing something delicious. Well, get ready to start swallowing something gross. You had to fill the void that snickers left. I'm missionary with the lights offing and I cut it anymore. So I had to learn some new moves and watch some tutorials. That's what I call porn. It's just, uh, just educational for me now. I just watch with a little notepad like, oh, pretend to gag. Seems good. I do think it's easy when you get married to stop trying as hard in bed, but God, if you get divorced and you start trying a date again, it's like having to come back out of retirement. You know, it's like you got to start stretching, get ready to run another BJ5K. Like, no, I just did this. If somebody moved the finish line back another 10 years, oh, can't even see it. Do we have any married people here tonight? That was a pretty sad sound. You guys were faking it a little bit. So I mean, you just treated it like a silent auction. You were like, it's just so sad. Anybody here been married for a really long time, like over 20 years? You guys are so cute. How long have they married? 21, give it up for 21. That's a long time. Yeah. So you guys get it. If you've been working the same job for over two decades, you start to cut some corners. Right. But if it is your first week at a new blow job, you are hustling. You're just starting. I'm sure you do to figure it out by now that the best blow job you ever get from us is the first blow job. Because women were so competitive, we know that you're about to compare us to every other one you've ever had. So we just enter the arena that night like I will be queen. Give me that. Pull out all our tips and tricks, hurt our knees, throw our back out. We want a trophy. We will give head to get ahead. But then you get married and you start to treat blow jobs like you're assembly Nike furniture. Just skip a few steps and by the end you're like, next time I'm hiring somebody else to do this. Low righty tidy lefty, you'll see the skin of hell out of here. We got to go to Costco. I tried to avoid the whole post break up identity crisis. One of my friends went through a break up and she got this dramatic haircut afterward as a revenge move against Rex. She's like, if he sees me, he's going to know he missed out on this whole other me. Like a guy has ever seen a haircut and been like, I never got a fuck asymmetrical lob Lisa. Bullshit. You guys never know when we change our hair, right? You're not even observing of yourselves. Before the divorce, I was cuddling with my ex and I felt like my leg had been stabbed. I looked down. His toenails looked like he cut them with his teeth. They were all jagged. He could unlock a secret door in a haunted house. I was like, do you have a best friend with a matching jagged toenail? You put them together and make a best friend like this? Is that what you're doing? I turned his toe into a prison ship. I was like, what is this? He goes, I just didn't notice. Oh, I sure did. When you shanked my Achilles tendon, I'm bleeding out. I feel like this stuff only gets worse with you guys with age. We've all seen the really old men with thick tuffs of raccoon hair growing out of their ears. I'm sure that guy's wife has been telling him to trim it for years and he just can't hear her. You want my hat? It's like yelling into a fan. It's coming right back in your face. I just sat next to a very old man on a plane recently and I had my notebook out and he leans over and goes, it's nice to see somebody riding and nod on their phone. When I was like, he doesn't know I'm riding jokes about cum. I was like, oh, suddenly candy crush doesn't seem so bad, huh, Wendell? When I booped him, booped him on the nose. Love that Wendell. Does feel a little weird to start over now in my 30s, but at least I know now what I like, don't like in a relationship. For example, I don't care about my body. I don't care about my body. I don't care how hot you are. I'm still never going to eat your ass. Not a fan of the devil's chocolate. No, thank you. And I'm fair about it. I don't ask anybody to eat my neither. Okay. There's no need. Women have a lot of holes down there. It's like a mini golf course. Just skip the one that's in a lagoon. Just... Don't even look at it. I have never wanted to do that to one of you guys. Most of you dudes have real blue collar ass holes. Not a lot of maintenance going on back there. That thing works at loads. I don't trust you. I don't trust it. It's like blindly sticking your face between two couch cushions. It's just... Goldfish crackers. Part of a broken Christmas ornament. It's a choking hazard, frankly. I'm not going to swallow a paperclip so you can come a new way. And that is the joke I wrote next to Wendell on the plate. Now you know. And I don't know if I'm alone in this. But I didn't even hear about eating ass until later on in life. And when I did, I was like, Why is that even on the menu? Because I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. Because I'm not going to eat it. Because I'm not going to eat it. Because I'm not going to eat it. Because I'm not going to eat it. You go to hell. I'm not going to eat it. And keep eating sane. You don't know how to use RPD understand how the people who are eating ass all the time aren't getting violently ill. I have been washing my produce for 32 years to avoid equal life. Bob's supposed to take my mouth and go straight to the source. Just drink from the hose. I don't trust you dudes to wash a frying pan correctly. Let alone your assholes. Not dying at 32 from Brad's butthole. Dreams and goals to accomplish. Have you guys been drinking tonight? Wow. You're fucking hammered Christ. I've knocked me backward. Some of my friends actually got sober during quarantine. And if I'm being honest with you, I found it unacceptable. I was like, I just got divorced and needed to ramp it up with me. Now is not the time for you to be a better person. You're actually being selfish. Some of them took the AA quiz online so I took it with them and it turns out it makes everybody sound like they're an alcoholic. The next question is, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood? Like, is there any other reason? Who was like, no one minute for the acne and diarrhea? I'm a purist. The second question is, after consuming alcohol, have you ever done something you've regretted? Do you mean literally every time? Who's getting drunk and doing the Lord's work? I've never had five margarines and been like, all right, time to donate blood. I've passed this party on to someone in need. My biggest regrets stem from alcohol. When I was in college, I used to take shots of gin and chase them with deli meat. You know your white trash when your cocktails involve ham? And it's not great. But I feel like if you're broken college, you form weird habits like that. Like if you don't have a dishwasher, you try and cook using as few dishes as possible. I wouldn't know if you guys do this. Like, if you want banana on your cereal, but you don't want to get a knife dirty, do you ever just tear pieces off with your teeth and then... No. The creatures come out at night. I didn't even know that was weird until my ex caught me doing it. And was like, are you mama birding yourself? You need to get some help. I was like, I learned this while I worked at IHOP. So I don't want to hear it. Time is money. I'm being efficient. You know, like that Disney villain laugh in a shadows? What the fuck was that? I like that on the special. That's good. Keep that weird shit up. I did so much drunk shit in college. At one point, my friends and I went to Vegas. I got hammered. I ate a bunch of food, passed out, woke up the next morning, went to the pool. And when I looked down, there was like white powdery stuff in my belly button. And I was like, oh god. Did I do coke for the first time last night? And so I touched it, and I tasted it. And I was like, oh, Parmesan cheese. My friends told me that apparently I ate seven slices of pizza, like a wild boar. And then the process just jumped a loose quarter cup of bar down my shirt. And then let it collect in my belly button, like some sort of pizza hutsch stripper. So, made some really good choices in my life. I do think I made an actual good choice recently. I just quit being vegan after a year and a half of doing it. I'm back, baby! Back in these meat streets. Oh, man. Does it feel good to have friends again? Yeah. No one wants you around. My ex-husband and I, we went vegan together on January 1st, 2020. And then two months later, we were divorced. Am I saying that veganism ruins my... Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if we kept on eating nachos, we would have been too happy and too sleepy to notice our problems. There's not a lot of divorce in the Midwest. People think it's religion. It's cheese curts. Cheese can do what God can't. A couple hasn't had sex in 20 years. But they eat a cheese curtain and go, you know what? One more day. I'll think about divorce tomorrow, but right now, I'm gonna face fuck this cheddar. I'm gonna get lost in this plate. So, I just saw something online that burned my eyes. I just found out that I'm on wiki feet. Does anybody here know what wiki feet is? A few of you nodding. A lot of dudes that are like, don't make eye contact with me right now. If you don't know what wiki feet is, it's a website for people with foot fetishes. So, women, if you post a photo on Instagram that shows your little tootsies, the foot folks might do a copy and paste onto wiki feet and then zoom in on your toes and make their keyboard sticky. I know. It's like scrapbooking for men who need Jesus. It's a nice hobby. I know that sounds like I'm King Shaman. I'm really not trying to. Honestly, I am so jealous that some people can get off from that. Like, I wish I could just stare to dudes hairy kneecap. And get tingles in my basement. What a life. I would live on wiki knees. Oh, have we get nothing done? So much harder than that. So, somebody told me that there's this profile of me on wiki feet. And at first, I heard that I was like, oh, is that mean I have hot feet? Hmm. I'm so flattered. Then when I looked, I saw that the foot fetish community has rated my feet only 2.3 out of 5 stars. Which they call OK feet. I was like, oh, apparently I have apple-bees feet. It's like, you'll put it in your mouth, but you won't tell anybody about it. I think about 2 for Tuesday deal. And a few months before the pandemic hit, some dude slid into my DMs and just said, two grand for foot-vid. Now, Denver, make some noise if you would send a video of your feet to a stranger for $2,000. Oh, my God. Godless animals, all of ya. My ears. Jesus. Somebody just throw your ariola up on Facebook for $1. Hanson, Uncle, CNN, you don't give a shit. And you're like, venmo me my dollar, Aunt Sherry, I earned this. This is a solid nip. Well, I appreciate your honesty. I wasn't quite as sure about it. That's all you were. I was like, I don't know this guy. He's going to have a video of my feet for the rest of his life. It's too weird. I'm not doing it. But then COVID hit. And I lost all my comedy work. So two days later, I wrote him back. I got desperate so fast. I was like, all right, man, 2 grand from the feet. I'm ready. Let's do it. And he never responded. I got ghosted by the foot guy. Do you know how humiliating it feels to lower your morals and your values? Only to have a foot guy be like, no, I'm good now. Like what? What happened? It's like the smelly kid coming up to you at prom and you're like, all right, fine, one dance. And he's like, I was just going to ask you where the bathroom is. You're like, fuck you, Travis. Out of here. Just trying to be nice. I love my mom so much. She's amazing. But she's been trying to give me career advice and none of it's helpful. You know, she doesn't understand that there are different levels of fame and comedy. She thinks that all comics are best friends. She'll be like, why don't you call Jerry Seinfeld? And ask to do comedians and cars getting coffee. And I'm like, mom, I can't even get a guy to jerk off to my feet. Let's lower expectations. Like this is where my career is at. I have a Fuseball web series on YouTube. Okay, I'm like here. When my mom heard that, she goes, you know who I bet. Would love to do your YouTube show. Ellen DeGeneres. I was like, oh, you bet, huh? Well, let's put some money on it because I bet she fucking wouldn't. If I win, you have to let me back on your cell phone plan. She's always trying to find ways to get me on television. Like when she heard I was getting divorced, she sent me a text that said, now that you're single, you can go on the bachelor or Miss America. It's like, yeah, because marriage is what was holding me back. From becoming Miss America. Pretty sure a part of the qualifications include, Hasn't been paid in Jello Shots to tell dick jokes. So I don't think I'm getting it. Let's talk about the Fuseball web series. So my entire family and I are actually world champion Fuseball players. Thank you. I know it sounds made up. I swear it's real. My parents met playing in a professional Fuseball tournament in the 80s. So I literally wouldn't exist if it weren't for Fuseball. Which is sad. But you know, some of you wouldn't exist if it weren't for boxed wine. So it's like, yeah, whatever. We're all a little garbage. It's not judge each other. It gets rid of not only is my dad a pro Fuseball player. He's also a slam poetry champion. And an international yo-yo man. Yeah. My dad has the sex appeal of a fanny pack. Crush in it. And my mom is in the Fuseball Hall of Fame. And they've been training me to play since I was like two years old. But since no one suspects that I'm a pro Fuseball player, I love to hustle people. And so I usually play against other comedians on my web series. But we did this special episode where I went undercover in Vegas. And I hustled drunk dudes on the Vegas strip. So I wore this low cut top. I talked in the worst voice. And my camera crew and I would go up to groups of guys and I go, hi, my name's Kelsey. And I have this web series where I do things that I've never done before for the first time. It's called Pop My Cherry. It's silly, you know. So I've never played Fuseball before and we just found this table. And I was just wondering if you guys want to play me. And every group of guys is like, oh yeah, bitch, let's go. Yeah, player I know. So I would play the first game terribly on purpose. Right, I would giggle a bunch, spin the rods a lot, really build up their confidence. And then I go, okay, so I think I've got to hang of it now. And this is Vegas. So we should play for money. And every guy would put their whole wallet on the table. And they'd hand me the ball and go, here, you can serve first. And that's when I pull out my Fuseball grip glove. Checkmate, motherfucker. Yeah, I've never done cocaine, but I would assume it's a similar rush. I've only done Parmesan cheese, which also exhilarating. A lot cheaper. So I mentioned that, I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. So I mentioned that my ex and I, we were together for a really long time. So we knew so much about each other. But one thing that he didn't know about me until toward the end, I told him that sometimes I pee in the shower. And by sometimes, I mean every time. And don't you guys act like you don't do it too. We are all swamp monsters. There is no drug in the history of time with a higher addiction rate than peeing in the shower. You think you're better than that? You think you're above doing it? And then you let yourself do it one time. And you're like, I guess I'm doing this every day for the rest of my life. It is the best. I feel like I'm on vacation every day. Just care for you, Livin. And I thought that he and I were going to bond over it. Maybe we had the same dirty little secret. And instead, he was like, what? Oh, gross. That means every time I shower, just been standing in your pee. I was like, I do it while I'm showering. Like the water takes it down the drain immediately. You're acting like I walk into our bathroom. Drop my pants, stand in the shower, and just piss on dry porcelain like a cereal killer. And then get out, put my pants back on, and just leave you a puddle of urine like a feral cat. I was like, I'm going to start peeing on your pillow, give me some real problems. This is nonsense. One of my friends told me that apparently we're all supposed to throw our pillows away once a year and get new ones. You guys been doing that? Feels good to be gross together, huh? We all have such a weird attitude toward pillows, because they cost like ten bucks. But we all keep the same disgusting pillows for decades. Like it's the great depression. Like we're some old prospector. Like, well, this year's the pillow they gave me at the orphanage, and we got damned if this ain't the same pillow I'd die with. Why? Pillow's antels, right? Like we never get rid of towels. They just eventually become the ones you like dry the dog with. Where are you holding on to so many? Do we all think we're going to have like a home birth someday? Yeah, sobs some stuff up. My grandparents' towels are historical artifacts at this point. I don't know if you visited your elders recently. They have washcloths that look like they were woven from wheat. And like, did this belong to Jesus? I feel like I'm drying my face with a trisket. My eyelids are bleeding. So I got on dating apps for the first time last year. And they let me on to the celebrity dating app, which, listen, obviously they use the term celebrity real loosely. Okay. If they saw my wiki feet, they'd be like, absolutely not. We got... She can't sit with us. Yeah, they let in somebody who's 32 and still shops at Forever 21. So I for sure checked them. I know that store is trash, but I just can't stop going. I just love it so much. The last time I was there, I told the girl the register that I found a makeup stain on this tank top I wanted. And I asked if I could get a discount. And she just stared at me with dead eyes and was like, It's already only 2.99. Like... Do you want us to just give you the tank top? And pay off your student loans. This is Forever 21, everything stained. It's basically an animal shelter. God, I love that store. The first date I went on through the celebrity app was such a disaster. I went out with this guy who was from Europe originally. So yeah, this really thick European accent. And some of the words he said sounded like other words. So he's telling me about his cat and he goes, Yeah, you know, I love my cat, but he rapes my shirt. And my brain was like, That can't be right. No. So I sat with it for a second and I was like, Oh, oh, he rips your shirts. Okay, sorry, I just, I thought you said that he rapes your shirts. And with zero hesitation, this dude goes, Yeah, no, he rapes my shirts and I don't understand why. Because he's neutered, but he will not stop raping my shirts. So then I had to hide my shirts and then I gave him a blanket. And now that's his rape blanket. And I'm like, what the fuck am I on a hidden camera show? Where if this dude says rape 18 times before dessert, he wins a jet ski? Is this one of 10 Bundy's kids? I just started covering all my holes. I was like, I don't like this. This is a bad, bad vibe. So I was like, I'm going to give this five more minutes. So he starts telling me that he goes on boats a lot. And I was like, Oh, you ever worry about shark attacks? And I swear to God, he goes, Yeah, no, you don't really have to worry about sharks so much. But you do have to worry about dolphins because they are the rapists of the scene. I was like, All right, I'm out of here. Bye. Enjoy the jet ski. I'm sure you won. And lunatic. That was my first dating app experience. Fortunately, it's been better since then. I'm seeing a guy in his 40s now. He has adult children. Okay, he has lived more life than I have. He knows more things. And I told him that I was hesitant to hook up with them the first time because I was on my period. And he goes, Oh, good. You guys are ever grossed out by that. You're just shutting your uterine lining. I was like, That is the hottest thing that anybody's ever said to me. I didn't even know that's what happens during my period. I was like, Okay, Grace and that of me. The bar is said real low after all rate blanket. So I just do a gentle hop over into my heart, you know, with your snapple fun facts about periods. Well, I don't know any of those things. Somebody could come up to me on the street with a microphone and be like, Ma'am, for a million dollars. What happened during your period? And I'd be like, I'm going to go with the egg is melting. And be like, were you homeschooled? My parents were playing foosball. I don't know. And teach me these things. He's also the first guy I've ever been with who has had a sect to me. So I had some questions about that. I was like, when you finish, is it clear? Like that white gatorade flavor? Just have glacier frost on tap? What's going on? I'm just trying to prepare myself. I was like, does it taste better when there aren't kids in it? It's like, maybe it's just air, right? Like one of those pressurized keyboard dusters that's like, she'll like, oh, startles you. You got to point it away or you'll lose an eye. You maybe fix a tire. Finally, I just went, Bill and I on his ass. I was like, I am blowing you in the name of science. This is field research at this point. And it turns out it's like normal. I guess it's kind of like, beyond burger? Like it looks the same. And then once it's in your mouth, you're like, something's missing. This is like, diet cum. It's another joke I wrote next to Wendell. He got an eye full of that flight. I saw some things. A lot of my friends are getting engaged and married right now. And one of them just had an engagement party with her fiance. And they played one of those games where they have signs that say, him and her and they held them up when they got asked questions. Like, who's the better cook? Who takes longer to get ready? Mayor. We're all just like, oh my god. Like you guys are getting married. Let's get into some real shit. Who has a drinking problem? Who's settling? I'm like, let me run this game. We'll call it getting cold feet. Let's test drive this son of a gun. So one of the things that I learned that was hard and going from being married and living with somebody for eight years and being single and living alone is that no one touches you anymore. And I know it sounds weird to say it like that. But if you live with somebody, there's like a fair amount of touching that happens throughout the day. So my lowest point in quarantine, I started watching ASMR videos on YouTube where a girl would hold a hair brush up to the camera lens. And she would simulate that she was brushing your hair. And I would just ram my forehead up against my laptop. Like, oh, pet me, Rachel. You dirty bitch. As soon as businesses opened up, I made all of the touching appointments. I was like, I'm getting a massage. I'm getting a manicure. Look, I made a dentist appointment just because I'm misfeeling somebody in my mouth. Okay, don't you judge me. It was hard. My dentist is this like 65-year-old Armenian man. I was like, flasadab, daddy. He was your toys. He was like, I prefer you call them tools. I was like, Demetri, I need this. How's your lips? Just tell me when to spit. One of the appointments I had made was for a bikini wax. And I had been going to salons before COVID to get bikini waxes. I had tried doing some of those like, at home kits. And I just learned that there are some parts of my nuthers that I do not have the strength of spirit to wax myself. Listen to me, if you can wax your own lips, you're a psychopath. That is some Steve O'Jackass level masochism. I want no part of it. So I had been going to the salons, and then the salons closed for six months, and things got scary. There's so many beautiful women here tonight. I feel like a lot of women started 2020 with like, a landing strip. And by July it was just a full airport. You can land anywhere. There's a cinnabon and a panda express. There's a shuttle that takes you to a rental car lot. I mean, employees, W9s, it's a lot going on. So finally, the salons open back up, and I immediately made an appointment. And I remembered there's that rule that the hair has to be at least a quarter inch long in order for the wax to be able to pick it up. And... Do we need a medic? Are you okay? Too much for you. She's like, it's a 730 show. I didn't know what this was. I don't like hockey, and we had a group on, but I... She's like, this is not the Christian way. I'm sorry. Oh yeah. So I remembered there's that rule that the hair has to be at least a quarter inch long in order for the wax to be able to pick it up. And I looked down and was like, well, that's not going to be a problem. But for the first time in my life, I worried that maybe it's bad if the hair is longer than a quarter inch. So I called the salon. So embarrassing. I was like, hey, I have an appointment today. Spent a rough quarantine. Is there like a maximum hair requirement? And this poor girl just goes, I mean, how long are we talking? And I wasn't prepared to answer that. So I panicked and was like, we could probably donate it. No. I don't know if locks of love specifies which type of hair they accept, but maybe somebody needs fake eyelashes. I don't know. We don't know where that hair comes from. I'll just throw them on and pray in, but it could be pubes. Basically, I feel like a lot of us were walking around, kind of looking like the opposite of a porn star in 2020, right? Which is totally fine. My friend Jay actually told me that my celebrity look alike. Is this porn star named Jesse Rogers? So I googled her. And the first picture that popped up was her doing hardcore anal. And got a little creeped out, realizing that my friend Jay saw that and thought, you know who this reminds me of old, gaping, but whole, Kelsuru. Yeah. Old back door cook. Look at her go. A plus. What is the matter with you Jay? But by the way, it's so nice to be able to tell that joke in person again, because I've had to tell it on mostly virtual shows the past two years. And I realized that halfway through the joke, everybody would just open a new browser. It would just get really quiet. And I'd be like, hello? Everybody show me your hands. I don't trust you. What are you doing? I had to check into a hotel on the road recently. And it was early in the morning and the woman checking me out, which is a little older. And she goes, I just have to tell you, you look so much like Amy Adams. I don't know if you ever hear that, but you really look like her. And it took all of my strength to not pull my phone out and be like, you know who everybody else says I look like? It's really blaster with a B hole at 8 a.m. I just couldn't do it. I do think that, Jesse Rogers and I, we do look alike. We have some different hobbies. I've never just sat on a lava lamp. For example. My ex has been and I, we didn't even buy a sex toy until seven years into their relationship. We had just been Flintstone in that shit. Just very little house on the prairie. Just churn and butter, very innocent. We didn't buy one of those vibrating, want things. And I got to be honest, never liked it. Way too intense for me. Even on the lowest setting, this thing is like for blasting rocks. I was like, is this where you women have been using this whole time? I barely touched it to my body. My feet lifted off the ground. I took flight. I was not turned on and all. I was terrified. I was like, did I just puree my clit? Oh my god. No, no, no, no, no, no. This thing is meant for industrial kitchens, okay? It's for liquefying raw vegetables. It's crazy. So I ended up asking some of my friends about it and it turns out that they have this toy and they use it on the highest setting in order to have an orgasm. I was like, how have you not completely erased your vagina? You can just sand it it down to a smooth slab of granite. Like a Barbie crotch. Go bowling on it. And so then I've learned about you dudes. It's not a lot of you guys like stuff that vibrates too. So one night before the divorce, my ex and I were out drinking. I had a few gin and hands. As you do. And when we got home, I just feel a little extra spicy. So I decided to crank it to 10 just to see what would happen. And the moment I touched it to his junk, his balls, whoop! When up inside his body, I didn't even know they could do that. I was just staring out and I'm like, oh. Do they stay up there until you sneeze really hard? How are you getting back? Have to do a hard man kegel? A couple minutes went by. Didn't see anything. I panicked. I started pushing on his belly bone really hard. Trying to eject quarters out of a ski ball machine. I was like, come on. Yeah, they're. Another few minutes. Still nothing. I was like, I think those are ovaries now. I'm sorry. I think I gave you an accidental gender change. Oops. So I'm in therapy. Anybody here in therapy? Oh, wow. That's a nice response. Usually it's just one person that's like, help. He's talking. Yeah, I think therapy is amazing. But I guess not everybody always needs therapy. Some people do need therapy. And you can usually tell who those people are because they say things like, I don't need any fucking therapy. I prefer to be a burden to my loved ones. You're like, sir, this isn't an Arby's. Why are you shouting? You're alarming the children. I had to work on my self-worth in therapy because I kept attracting some of the wrong people. One of my friends told me this quote. She said, once you know your worth, you'll stop giving people discounts. And I was like, well, slap my tits and call me Groupon, baby. Boy, I'm an out here like, hey, you got a personality disorder. And no job. This pussy's 90% off. Hey, hey, hey, hey. No credit. No problem. Get in here. That makes it sound like my life has been a dick buffet. It has not. I have a very low body count. I love it. That's what we call it. Body count, like we're all just fucking people to death. Like, dee-e. That sounds so system of a down for no reason. You know? I think I would have a higher body count if STDs didn't exist. But I'm just so terrified to ever get one that I don't want to gamble. Like, I just can't believe that in 2022, our best defense against them is still just condoms in the oner system. Scouts on her, bro. I'm like, you lied about your height. I'm supposed to trust you on Columbia. No. Okay, Crockes. Get out of here. I was reading online that some of the very first condoms back in the 1800s were really thick. Like, they used to basically just cut up bike tires. And they've obviously gotten thinner over time, which I'm sure was a guy's idea. You know? I bet the women back then were pissed. Like, keep it girthy. Keep that deep dish condom on. We don't have electricity. This is the only joy I have. I had a woman come to one of my shows recently, who I think was from the 1800s. She was very old. And she came up to me afterward. And she was like, I was a makeup artist for 30 years. And at this point, I'm thinking, I think she's about to compliment my makeup. That's so nice. And then she goes, your face was so oily when you were on stage. It was the only thing I could look at. The lights were heading at so bright that I had to squint to look at you. And that's when I heard my brain say, well, tonight's the night we go to jail for throat-punching someone's nana. Do you just hit a certain age where you walk around like, fuck it, burn it to the ground? Is this traumatizing people? I'm like, who is this woman's poor husband? You know, we gotta save him. I just picture him getting out of the shower and she's like, your balls make me sick. Of course, I didn't say any of that to her. I was just like, what powder do you recommend? I have no backbone. I've also become self-conscious of this very specific thing. Did you girls have that dress code in middle school? Were you had to wear shorts that were longer than the length of your fingertips to your sides? Okay. All right, to prevent girls from wearing booty shorts. So that was the day I learned I have freakishly long arms. For my short height. I'm only 5'4". All the girls had a line up. We put our arms down. I don't know if you can see what's happening right now. I'll show you on this side, too. But I did this and I looked down and I was like, oh no. I'm gonna have to wear men's jean coat jeans to not get expelled. I'm just rolling in a homeic with my chain wallet and lugs like... I spigged these muffins, Diane. The third member of the insane clown posse. I don't know much about the insane clown posse, but it does make me laugh. Picture those guys having to take their makeup off at the end of the night. Because they seem so tough on stage. I'm gonna stab this dude and bang your chick. And then two hours later, they're like, these new Tegina wipes are lovely. Don't burn my eyes. So before I started headlining, I used to open on tour for a comedian named Jim Norton. Anybody here, Jim Norton fan? Nice. Got some Jim heads in the house. So Jim's favorite thing to do is to humiliate people. And I made the mistake of telling him that I embarrassed very easily for a comedian. And he just milked that every day for three years on tour. When we were in public, he would constantly accuse me of shoplifting. We would be checking out at a CVS pharmacy and just deadpan in the city. And he would turn to me and go, are you not gonna pay for all the things in your purse? And I would just start shivering like a shelter to Owl. I would just end up paying for lipstick that I've owned for five years. I was like, just take my money. I'm so sorry. I hate this. I was traumatizing. By far, the most embarrassing thing he would do, he would do with his bodyguard. We traveled with this seven-foot tall guy named Kenny. Picture Frankenstein with less people skills. Just an oaf. And I don't know if you women have ever ordered anything on VictoriaSecret.com, but sometimes you get that free tote bag with purchase. If you have even a shred of self-respect, you immediately throw it in the garbage, where it belongs. I used it as my day-to-day purse for seven years. I have no dignity. And so I said, VictoriaSecret and big letters on the sides. It's very obnoxious. And I would travel with this. So when we were on tour, we'd have to get to the airport at five in the morning. And you guys know how you look at the airport at 5am, right? Just greasy, disheveled, gross. So I'd look like that. I'd have this bag. And everybody's just quietly shuffling about the airport. And all of a sudden, his bodyguard would shout, VictoriaSecret model coming through. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER LAUGHTER And everybody, and I mean everybody, would stop and look at me wide-eyed and then go, LAUGHTER LAUGHTER Do you know how quickly your self-esteem goes in the toilet? When you can watch 100 people decide in half a second, no, she's not. Like, right. It's going to go walk into traffic now, thanks. LAUGHTER So I'm from Washington State originally, and they just passed this new legislation that is banning schools from continuing to use Native American mascots, which is great. And the high school I went to, our mascot was the Blackhawks. And it takes a linguistic specialist to tell the difference between somebody saying, Blackhawks? LAUGHTER And Blackhawks? And let me tell you, it was pretty wild growing up, going to football games, and watching a dozen cheerleaders shout to a stand of parents. We love Blackhawks, yes we do, we love Blackhawks, how about you? LAUGHTER And then watching everybody on the other team be like, what the fuck? LAUGHTER It's like the mating call of the Kardashians. LAUGHTER So I had my bachelor at party down in Vegas, and we went to the Magic Mike live show. Has anybody here been to the Magic Mike live show? Oh, we got a few. Oh, are you still wet? Hey! Girl, it is crazy what happens at the show. They brought it back during COVID, which surprised me because if we are concerned about droplets, women are gushing fluid at the show. Medically, it's a problem. OK, it changes the humidity in the room. Women with straight hair leave with curly hair. It's like a rainforest cafe in there. That air is thick. Three seas. But now that the show is back, you gotta go. Oh, it is the cream of the cock. Just... Chef's kiss. For two hours, these oiled up six packs just grind the stage, they sink to you, they liquid cream off your body, and then they bring some women on stage, and then they take your top off, and then they take your pants off, and then they fuck you. No, I'm kidding. I just want to see how far you guys are going, man. Did you hear how quiet it got here? Could you feel every woman just slowly leaning further forward, and then you see the... Pulling out her phone, checking flights to Vegas. A taxi. Were you like, was I in the bathroom when that happened? I missed that. No, they don't do that. That'd be pretty dope. Probably charge a lot more for tickets. But you do get a lot free of money. At the end of the show, they do bring some women on stage, and then they put you in harnesses, and they put one of the guys beneath you, and you get to ride the men into the sky, like free willy. They get you horneer than you've ever been in your entire life, and then they just set you loose. Back into the wild. Single dudes, if you were ever trying to fuck in Vegas, just go stand outside the magic mic exit. Like a catcher. Running out of there, holes open like a starfish. Ready to go. That's something TripAdvisor doesn't tell you, and that's what I'm here for. I'm like, your creepy uncle. Just helping you get laid. I would like to go back to the show, but not for anything, what ain't related, because there's usually two types of women that go. The host comes out and goes, all right ladies, make some noise if you're here for a bachelor at party. And there's a bunch of young 27-year-olds that are like, oh my god, penis is wet! And then the host goes, all right, now who here's celebrating a divorce? And it's just one table of women in their 40s, like, give me your dick. Oh my god. Thank you guys so much for coming out tonight, Dan Bow. We've been amazing. Thank you so much. Welcome back to PobMyCherry. Tell me what are the rules? Well, basically, shoot for the goal, throw in the middle, and spin, and you try to... Just spin it like as fast you can. I'm going... oh, I'm going, that way. You're going this way. Do you guys want to make a bet or something, like, try and make it more, like, high stakes? I'll buy you a drink of you, in sure, yeah? That's fair. Yeah, I'm 70, really close to that. See that thing, that's what she's doing. She's a bright, hate you. One, two, three, go. One, two, three, go. Go! I'm getting it! Come on, I'm not allowed to cuss you out. Cuss me out. Are you saying you're not allowed to? There's no rough here. Oh, you're... Thank you very much.
What's up? Fuck this mic. Let's do this. That's a dope dance. We're gonna have a good time. I'm living LA now. They need a subway. Fuck that. They got two people out there begging, hitchhiking, waiting for rides and shit. I hate hitchhikers too. First, let's have you see a hitchhiker. Do me one favor. Do what I do. See him like, pull past like 50 yards, pull over. Let the nigga run to your car. Like, hey man, you alright? My brother, you alright? Man, you pretty cool. You alright? Man, you alright? You alright? So nigga, get you a rear bumper, pull off like, I think what the hell? 25 more people do that. He'd be what the hell he want to be at. I think I'd be like, nigga, thanks man. I live right here. You alright, motherfucker? You alright? My house is right here. Thanks man. Number 19. Thank you. Thank you, motherfucker. He ain't got no car. He can't catch me. Fuck that nigga. Shit, fuck. I need the money. Death damn pay me. I need the money bad too, man. Phone bills kick at my butt. I call them 1,900 numbers, man. Once, I only did it once, man. You did it 1,900. It's like 4 play, 1,900. For the women to talk to you and get you sexier rals. I called one up last week. You know that stuff costs $4 for the first minute, $9.9 for each additional minute for some woman to talk to you and get you sexier rals? I called up some lady. I laid a stutter. She called me 415, motherfucker, dollars, y'all. She ain't telling me I'm a bippa baby. What you want to do? I know what you want to do. I know what you want to do. I'm not. What you want to do? I'm not. This shit is costing me, baby. I go on bison boating and have change for that kind of money. I'm saying. I love you, L.A. I love you women out here, but women are so fine. I'm glad it's getting cold. Oh, man, glad it's getting cold. Yeah, because the fashion's, man. I'm glad Biker shorts about played out. Consistors, you have some beautiful bodies, but all y'all can't wear Biker pants. Hell, just cause your girl look nice and don't mean your ass gonna look good on them. You know what I'm saying, fellas? Tell you that one rule, women, if you're not sure you can wear Biker pants, it's one rule. Go like this. If your stomach is bigger than your ass, you can't wear them. It'll often fall to be put up to women. Hey, good, you got nice, healthy ass. It's stomach. Goddamn, I thought it was your ass, girl. Fuck this. Shit. I saw this girl in the mall, man, today, I ain't seen her since high school. Fine, little girl, try to see her since high school. She had a child with her too, man. Cute little girl, you know she had a baby. I said, girl, what's up? I ain't know you had a kid. How did your baby? She said, my little shunt, tell you. She's 34 months old. I'm standing there thinking, how many times is 12 going to 34 with shit? Okay, what? How does one month, I got time to add to track? Break it down for me, baby. Shit. One, two. Break it down for me. I ain't got no time. Shit. You know, I read in the paper some stupid stuff, y'all. This homeboy got shot over his $130 pair of tennis shoes. Is that the stupid thing to do? Think about it. If you should have brought all his tennis shoes, you ain't guaranteed a shirt fit. No, why is it? Why am you shooting me so small? He walked around with a hundred and a half of a corn on your feet and shit. Gave you no ball with them. And I know about being shot, y'all. I got shot a couple years ago. Yeah, man, hang on to my boys, think I'm cool. I got shot three times. Shot in the hand, the calf, and in the back. Running my mouth, my fellas. I mean, McDonald's, I order some food. We walk out to my car, we jam and hand it good times. Think about what party you want to go to. All of a sudden his brother approached us. He started talking trash. Now I'm with my boys. I'm gonna talk trash back. I'm like, what's up? What's up? What you want to do? What you want to do? They got to pull the gun out. And I said, hey, what's up? Being pie my brother? You're not being pie. Shit, pie, pie, pie. I just started shooting and everybody was running. And you're like, oh, she shot me in the leg first. I'm like, oh, shit, this thing. You're crazy. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, That's, that's, that's, that's, I do this. You were the mountains in there guys. And everyone was running, I'm trying to get back into McDonald's. You know they lax you doing my ass. I'm going to be talking toairs of me, but gddo to dried throwing it. To click, click, click. I'm like, oh shit, don't run it, I'm running my heart just beat us. Just, like, oh my gau, your dum try me in the back. Style 140. I'm gau, narrow, I'm doing lockdown it. I'm like, oh, oh no. Look y Ehati left, make ittmundon hand blog Ralston, Tim, remove. Oh die, not coming back. I'm not going to do like a lunge. You ain't been shot, nigga? No, nigga, you ain't been shot. God bless, I'm outta here.
That is the type of forced, fraudulent, crowd response that will propel my outfit. I'm a lawyer, I can sue you. He actually said that, I'm a lawyer, I can sue you. Because as you know, only lawyers can sue people. He's so lucky he had that job. Otherwise, man, yeah man, lay hand on me. You'd be crazy not to. You will get away with it. I work at a magic shop. Sadly, I'm not a lawyer. All lawsuits just lawyers suing people who punch them in the face. I'd like to see that trial. Well, you're on it all started when I felt the need to yell titties out for 20 straight minutes. Oh, well this is going to be a short one. I find in favor of anyone who punched you in the face. Boom. Titties. It's talking to Chris Rock the other day, not to name drop. He said, I told him I was doing this especially because it started out with a really solid joke. It seems that's what I've done. I walked around my neighborhood, walked past a girl scout selling cookies at a table with her mom next door. I walked close to the table. I saw the girl scout was signing autographs for people. As I go, you movie star. Her mom's like, her pictures on the box. I looked down at the box. Her picture was on the box. I'd never seen this before. I freaked out. Then I got a little competitive. I was like, well, the only reason I asked is I'm actually a movie star. I don't know what movies you've seen at your young age, little jandy, but I bet you saw one called Pudy Tang. You remember the guy in the car? You're talking to him. What about the wrestler? Do you see that one, little jandy? I got to go to the Venice Film Festival for the premiere. They made me pay my own way, but when I got there, they let me watch a movie. Yeah, $3,300 flight. 700 for a Toxian. Anyway, give me a box of Samoa's. Make it out to Todd. Good to be back on stage at a real venue. Comics are doing some weird gigs over this pandemic. Used to be a get a text from a cog. Have you done that new club in St. Louis? Did they put you up in a nice hotel? And now it's like, have you done that fire escape show on Staten Island? How many hand washing stations do that? Been tested for COVID like 38 times. At some point I realized it's something to do. I was like, oh, this is an activity, isn't it? This should be in time out in New York's free stuff to do this week. I'd hear about a testing site that had an hour away at a big hour. That'll work. So I can find one with a two hour wait. Try to make it a social event called my friend fill up. I go fill. Let's go get tested together. Be gray. We'll walk six feet apart. Stand in line six feet apart. Be a great COVID hang. So I thought I don't need to get tested. I've been quarantining. And also I need to go to the Apple store. You can do both of us. Rhymes me with time I was in solitary confinement and need to go to supercuts. Want to get a COVID test and they're sitting on a swab each nostril for 10 seconds. This is the way she counted. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. I was like, you know, I'm a busy guy but I did block off the full 20 seconds. I wasn't looking for express service on this. I'd hate to get stitches for me. I'm going to give you 10 stitches. One, two, nine, 10. Get out of here. I just freed up some time in your day to show off your gaping wound. We got mad if you got the vaccine too soon. You hear these conversations, you get vaccinated? Yeah. Oh, how'd that happen? Oh, I have asthma. Oh, you have asthma. That's interesting. I'm saying I've known you for two hours. You've never mentioned that you have asthma. Got mine a little early. Got my sticker saying I got vaccinated. Posted on Instagram. Thought people would be happy for me somewhere. Others were like, I want to know how you got that vaccine. Then someone else wrote in, yeah, I was about to ask them that myself. Then the third person, like, you guys both beat me to the punch on this one. How do you get that jab? It's like calm down, fellas. I'm about to post a screenshot of my medical records. It is your business. It's really good about wearing my mask. I've got a few actual altercations with anti-maskers. Cannot believe how brave I was. I'd be at bed bath in the honor of like, hey, you. Talk and use 17-year-old stock clerk. See the guy by the salad spinners? No mask. Get him. Yeah, grab that set of carving knives. That's a big dude. Your little guy. And I'm headed for the exit. I'm not even going to pay for these scrub datties. I was in Burlington, Vermont, got into a taxi and I saw the driver didn't have a mask on. I said, do you have a mask you can put on? He's like, I do, but you're not going to like it. I'm going to like it. Please pull out the hilarious novelty mask. This guy pulls out a mask. His Biden is useless as his mask. Oh, you got him. Powerful stuff. He's going to be said if he ever reads that, if he's straddling your rearview mirror. Then the guy said, this new variant, it's just bronchitis. That's what my doctor told me. What was your doctor adjusting your back while I told you that? Oh, yeah. Settle chiropractor reference. Always brings the house down. Good year for doctors to be on TV. Sanjay Gupta, oh my god, they put that guy to work. Special early on the pandemic, he'd be on CNN like I have one, I'm Sanjay Gupta, I'm a neurosurgeon. And today I'm going to teach you how to sanitize a nutrient grain bar. I repeat, I'm a neurosurgeon. I do brain surgery. I could be doing brain surgery right now. In fact, someone isn't getting brain surgery. Because I'm standing here with a tub of chlorox wipes about to teach you how to do something you don't actually need to do. But more on that in eight months. That's a learn how to cook during the pandemic, went on TikTok for recipes. Every recipe on TikTok is speed oriented. Look you want to make a 25 second breakfast? Start the clock. Start to embrace the idea of cooking. But then there's always that ingredient deal breaker. I'll be watching the chef on the screen, I'll go, come on man, you think I have rice vinegar? You know I don't have rice vinegar. Look at me, you know I don't have. Three people in the world have rice vinegar. You and your two roommates. You realize how lazy it was about cooking. I'd read the directions on a microwave burrito. I'd be like, heat on high for one minute, then flip over. I didn't go to the cord on blue, culinary, I'm going to see if I can slam this out in one step. No basting. Glad to read now again, I've had some great exchanges with waiters and waitresses over the years. This is an actual exchange act with a waiter and Italian restaurant in New York City, not too long ago. Hi, is it possible to get a decaf espresso? You're the worst. Okay. I don't mean to be all lawyerly, but that was a yes or no question. But if you want to go with the year the worst, that works fine. Anyway, give me a decaf espresso with a big spoon of ketchup in it. Now I'm really bad. It's in a diner in Oklahoma. I ordered a salad and she goes, what kind of dressing I said Italian? She leaned in whispered something to me, but I didn't understand her, go, what's that? She goes like, it's not good. What's not good? The Italian dressing. It's not good. It's not good. It's not good about it. It's not that tangy. Maybe you and I have different standards for tangy. Which dressing should I get? I'd go with a thousand island. I don't like thousand island. I'll have the Italian. Are you sure it's not good? What part of it's not good, don't you understand? We'll end that one right there. It feels like four points I could have gotten out of that joke and just kept going. It felt so comfortable with you guys. It's been really good before the pandemic started taking a Pilates class. It's just me and three women who knew how to do Pilates. Instructor always had to make adjustments. Let's do that thing when we hang from a bar and do jumping jacks and sit ups at the same time. Todd, here's some crayons. Why don't you mark up the wall for me, Todd? Draw an owl for me. Big owl with a lot of detail. All right ladies, we're going to stand on our hands and put a hundred pound weights on the balls of your feet. Todd, I don't know. Download a Scrabble app. Or leave. Yeah, I want you to leave. I like that idea best. Walking's good exercise. Walk on Adder. Yes, I see your t-shirt. This is I Heart Pilates. Hit the road. That's a Chicago. That's a pretty cool city, huh? That was, I took a pandering course earlier in the day. And they said to say that on stage. How much is a house here? What's that? Nine? Nine what? Nine dollars? Oh my God. Note to self. Talk to someone else. Department just sold a New York City bought by a hedge fund manager. $238 million. $24,000 square feet. If I had a 24,000 square foot apartment New York, I'd still be telling people from out of town. I'm not really set up for guests. Yeah, it's just a one bedroom apartment with a 53 home offices. Yeah, you're welcome to crash, but you'd be sleeping with your head on a fax machine. The upkeep must be ridiculous on that place. You'd be at home. I don't know if you want to go to the movies today. I'd love to. We really need to go to bedbath and be on it by 35,000 swiffer sheets. I can't even imagine a 24,000 square foot apartment. My apartment is 800 square feet, and I'm a celebrity. So I have to become a hedge fund manager. You get a bigger place or worse than that. Find out what a hedge fund manager is. Again. Tried like 500 times. People start explaining to me, you know what's not going to happen. I'll try again in six weeks. Everything's expensive in New York. I went to buy new glasses, eye glasses, went to a boutique place. I go, how much are these glasses? The guy said they're a thousand dollars. I was like, oh, that's kind of expensive. He's like, well, think of it this way. You'll have them for three years. It's like a dollar a day. Well, when you put it that way, it sounds more expensive. I asked you how much these glasses are, and you said you have to give me a dollar a day, every day for three years. I'd be like, wow, that is a pricey pair of glasses. I'm doing the math in my head. I'd say that's roughly $1,000. Why don't I take $1,000 by two pairs of $200 glasses, and also a round trip ticket to Barcelona? Now I'm glad we're traveling again. A few years ago, I went to Bangkok. Almost didn't go. I saw a video on YouTube called The Scams of Bangkok. This dude was a little paranoid. I was like, if you go to a museum, and you see someone smiling, total scam. If you go to a restaurant, they have noodles on the menu. Your identity has just been stole. If you show up at your hotel, there's a front desk called Interpol. Classic flimflam. Can't believe I've barely done any crowd work. What do you think? How's it going? What's your name? What do you do, Chris? I don't think I want to do crowd work tonight. Design engineer? What does that mean? OK. I'm in the business. I'm in the business. I'm in the business. I get this. I was just going to upgrade these recess lights. It's good talking to Chris. We just took a recess from being funny. Always dead. I pulled that one out. I'm trying out Airbnb's on the road. You got to read those listings very closely. They always start out good. It's like on a tree line street close to shops and restaurants. Oh, I like that. You'll have the whole place yourself. I let my neighbor store's guns in my linen closet. Yeah, not sure I feel about that. So he might pop in from time to time. Definitely don't like that. But don't worry as a kid who that makes me worry. Also, there's a great home theater system. You're not allowed to use it. Stay out of the kitchen. And there's a python under the sofa. You must feed him 15 times a day. But to reiterate, you'll have the whole place yourself. Close to shops and restaurants. Always get nervous booking an Airbnb because my pictures and my profile. I know the hosts are going, oh my god, honey. You're not going to believe who's sleeping in our attic tonight. I'll give you a clue, small but pivotal role in Pudy 10. Todd Berry is sleeping in our attic. Yeah, he can't afford a hotel, I guess not. Let's get the good pillows out for him. I said hotel in Los Angeles. When I got back, I realized I left my toiletribeck at the hotel in Los Angeles. And it was a really nice one sent to me by the cartoon network. I had cartoons all over it. I wanted it back. I called out the hotel I got housed in room 318. I left my toiletribeck, it's got cartoons all over it. I was like, oh yeah, we found that. I was like, great, can I get it back? Can you describe the cartoons? Did you think I was calling you on the off chance? That's someone left behind the toiletribeck with cartoons on it. Like I'm in the market for one. I wanted to find one, some calling hotels all day long. Hoping for a miracle. Maybe I got an anonymous tip. Some guy comes up to me in an alley town, don't ask why I am. If you're in the market for half a bottle of dandruff shampoo and five dusty viagras. Call this hotel, tell me in your room 318. He left your toiletribeck, it's got cartoons all over it. What kind of cartoons they'll never ask you that. Why would they ask you that? Be crazy to ask you that. Straight clap there. Took an Uber in the Midwest and at the end of the ride, the driver said, Sir I owe you an apology. I was like, for what? Because I'm sorry I didn't talk during the trip. I really like to focus on my driving. It's like, while there are apologies, I've been waiting 35 years for. This guy hits me with the most unnecessary apology. It's like, sir, if you're apologizing for not making me talk to a stranger for an hour and a half, guess what, all's forgiven. Maybe it doesn't always go that way. Maybe sometimes like, sir, I want to apologize for not talking during the trip. Yeah, what was with that, man? You see me back here all alone, son? Just a man in his French horn. Mmm. I played the French horn in middle school. So I was able to nail that tone. At least the guy apologizes, oh that was nice. I like apologies. I even like shitty apologies. My favorite shitty apologies, the convenient apology. Or someone will only apologize because they ran into you. It's always something that happened a long time ago. It's like, hey, Tom, I'm glad I ran into you, man. Remember we were at that party recently? That was 1991. I got a little drunk, you got really drunk. I said a few things I shouldn't have said. You said a lot of things you should have said. I think I beat the shit out you did beat the shit out. Anyway, I just want to say I'm sorry. Well, I appreciate that, Scott, to think this would have happened if I went to my usual frozen yogurt shop. Let's do some more crowd wear. Whoa. Calm down, seven o'clock, shall. What's your name? Brenna. BRENNA. What do you do, Brenna? Holy shit. You got any stories? What's the most exciting house about the bear and the car? Really? In the car? The car you were driving in? In the car. You looked outside and there was a bear on the car. Someone would argue that you weren't looking outside. I looked outside inside the car. That's a good story. Cut that one. Cutting room floor. How did you react to the bear? There you go. There's not open doors. Save that one also. I was talking to a guy in the audience asking what he did for a living. He goes, I'm a cabinet salesman. I was like, do you like it? I was like, what do you love about being a cabinet salesman? I like having dinner with my customers. I don't know if that was a wine and dine, since we're all in stall. I love them. They're all in stall. I guess it's Beastro time. Time for the traditional post-cabinet installation. Celebratory dinner. What are you hangin' for? I'm sorry I'm havin' dinner with the guys who steamed clean my drapes. It's been quite a day. Breakfast with my exterminator. Happy hour drinks with my plumber. I'm gonna have lunch tomorrow. You know what I'm going to Apple picking with the guys who regra out of my bathroom top? This is a true story. I was in New Orleans on tour about six months ago and I started that show. I met the guy who was a cabinet salesman. The guy yells out, that was me. I looked down. It was him. What a thrill for that dude, man. Imagine sitting there and I do a joke about you. It's unbelievable. I'm so happy for the guy. That might happen with the bear story. I still don't know where the bear was. I'm so happy for the guy. I don't know if it's inside or outside there. Yeah, she locked the door. I don't know if it's inside or outside there. Yeah, she locked the door. From the outside of the bear's inside. I guess we'll never know. My printer broke recently. Sorry. The Bamiya. The light flash that's at Paper Jam. It's a printer tech supporter. Let me go do a little research on Paper Jam. Did I lay a new term on you? Isn't that the problem you make fun of at the call center? The phone rings. I wonder if there's going to be a paper jam. Oh, shit it is. It's like calling up a steakhouse and asking if they know about baked potatoes. It's like calling me up and asking me if I know about standing ovation. Oh my god. I can't believe you applauded at that. I feel so guilty. I can be a dick sometimes. I feel like feeling intellectually superior. I was at a bar in Austin, Texas. The guy next to me was talking to the bartender. He said, I like the last drink you made me more better than this one. I was like, ooh. We got ourselves a dumb dumb. A full of 30 seconds passes. The guy turns me, he's like, did I just say more better? It's like how do you make that mistake and then catch that mistake? I liked it more better when you didn't know how to talk. I got that more better joke work. Month ago, that was dead in the water. Then I'd come here and it's such a successful moment in the show. Wow. That was my bear story. I had a beard for a while. Then I got a girlfriend who doesn't like beards and she's really subtle about it. She'd say things like, oh, you have a beard, huh? Some of my friends like guys with beards. It's like, oh, that's weird. Some of my friends like when people say things directly. There's a true story. I got an audition for that show Billions and I told her about it. She's like, do you have to shave for your audition? Only question she had about the other. You have to shave for it. It's not, I don't have to shave for it. It's an audition. It's not like they're going to watch my taping. Oh, my God, he's perfect. But this character's clean shaven. There's no easy fix for this. We'll go with Daniel Day Lewis. My girlfriend's from rural Oregon and she wanted to go camping. She's like, do you even know how to put up a tent? I was like, no, I don't. She's like, that's a good skill to have. What if there's an emergency and I'm incapacitated? Never thought of that. Whenever I've thought of emergencies, that one's not come up. No, I know one. What's your emergency? My girlfriend was attacked by a bear. Sarah, calm down. Do you know how to assemble a tent? I know what I was hoping you'd send medical attention. We're not sending medical attention. Sir, we're sending five REI employees. Now, make some smores and hang tight till they get there. I don't know anything about sports. My girlfriend knows more about sports than I do. I actually asked her this question. I go, do you stand up or lie down on a snowboard? I was like three months ago, she just stopped laughing 10 minutes ago. I've never heard any laugh that slapped my life. I was like, baby, laugh in my amazing jokes, not my perfectly reasonable questions. I got to look for red flags in relationships. I look looking for red flags in other people's relationships, especially before they even have one. That's the best. Someone's all excited about a potential new romance. They talk to me. I'd bum them out. It's great. His friend of mine was going on a first day, like, where are you going? She was going to meet at a bar tomorrow night at 10 o'clock. 10 o'clock. Ooh, red flag. But he works late at the hospital. He works at a hospital. Ooh, second red flag. He's a highly respected surgeon. Ooh, third red flag. He's a huge fan of your comedy. This guy sounds horrible. I got an email from my doctor's office telling me my doctor is becoming something called a concierge doctor, meaning there's a $2,300 annual fee just to see her, and I still have to pay for all the appointments. Email said it's a great program. You get a special phone number where you can text your doctor 24 hours a day. A special phone number. You mean the doctor's phone number? I can text her 24 hours a day. Okay, dear doctor. Sorry to bother you at 4 a.m. on your burner phone. But I have a really important question. Can I take a third, Advil? I implore you to write back before five. My head is pounding. Sorry to find a good doctor. Sorry to find a good doctor. The doctor to find is a therapist. One of my insurance companies website looking for a therapist. That'll list a therapist who take the insurance and you can sort them by distance. It seemed like a weird way to find a therapist. That's the way I find a dry cleaner. I can't imagine that someone's like, I'm really depressed, but if you make me walk more than two minutes, for excellent care, I'll be really, really depressed. Imagine ending up at that therapist. You found sorting by distance. I'd be at that first deployment taught. I got to ask you, how did you find me? Oh, your office is in my building. I live directly upstairs. I woke up 11 seconds ago. Thought you looked familiar to me. I'd probably seen you in the hallway. I'd never seen you in the hallway. It was your small but pivotal role in pity time. Pity time. That's a weird word to mispronounce. Hey, you said, Poodie Tang wrong. Okay. Thank you, God, the joke. Therapists have websites now. I'm going to read the book. Therapists have websites now. I saw a therapist website and a link to his Twitter page. It's like, oh, do you have tour dates and merch also? I clicked on this guy's Twitter page. I saw he followed a bunch of comedians. I was like, oh, not going to this guy. I don't want a comedy nerd. It's my therapist. Obviously, appointment crime. I was out dog. I feel awful. What should I do? Well, Tariya thought of doing something nice for someone else. Maybe that'll make you feel better. Like what? I don't know. Why don't you hook me up with Bill Bear tickets? I don't know if that's going to help, Doc. Didn't help when I gave you Pat and Oswald's email address. And you got to stop writing to him. He's not going to read that script. I read somewhere that the most marked up bottle of wine on a restaurant's wine list is the second cheapest. Reason they do that is, got to be on a date to embarrass them by the cheapest wine, picks a second cheapest, and gets destroyed. Probably the best thing I've ever read my entire life. It's like, who can we screw over here at the restaurant? How about a guy looking for love who's also on a budget? That's why I hired you, PJ. You're an IDM man. See his bottle of peanut on a wire costs us a dollar 50. Let's go 600 on this one. Better love cooking shows and shows about travel and stuff like that. I was actually on the Seth Meyers show once, years ago. And the other guest was Anthony Bourdain. I got to meet him real briefly. And I'm glad it was a brief meeting because I don't want to be backstage trading road stories with Anthony Bourdain. He said, yeah, remember once, I was in South America, got bitten by a snake while I was trying to eat at small intestine. Well, yeah, I was once at a hampton in in Little Rock. And they ran out of Captain Crunch at the breakfast buffet. I get it. Poor guy must have had annoying fans when you're traveling food expert. People running up to you on the street, Anthony, here's the deal. I'm going to Malaysia and I love turkey burgers. Anthony Bess Rice Krispie Treat and Paraguay. Let's hear it. Anthony, I'm going to Dsseldorf and I love Empanyadas. I need your top five. Like that show chopped. That's a great show. Four chefs compete for a $10,000 prize. My favorite part about that show is none of the chefs have a realistic grasp of what you can buy for $10,000. I was like, chef, what do you do if you win the $10,000? Well, I've always wanted to travel around the world for a year. Flying first class everywhere. How you can do that for another $1.3 million? Here's what you're going to do. You can fly first class to Cleveland. Take a megabust to Columbus. Flyback premium economy from Columbus with a five hour layover in Cleveland. Then you're out of money. Chef, what do you do if you win $10,000? It's about six brothers that left about the Meacher Rolls Royce. Here's what you're going to do. You're going to buy three decent skateboards. Then you make a little sign up. A sheet of your brothers can take turns. Chef, what do you do if you win the $10,000? I think it'd be great to buy my mom a house. That'd be the greatest. Buy your mom a sweet $10,000 house. Here's what you're going to do. You're going to buy yourself an updated food processor. Then the best wooden spoon. Then you can make your mom some dip. And she can enjoy it in the house she currently lives in. Not the $10,000 before taxes dream house. Also known as the $3,000 house. Also known as a used minivan. It's fun being a comedian work a night. Have all day to have some weird days. Had a weird day recently went to the podiatrist. Then I adopted a kitten. That was my to-do list for a Tuesday. That was great. I was at the podiatrist office stretched out looking down on my little toes. I was like, aww. I can't imagine anything cuter than that. 40 minutes later, holy shit. What was I thinking? Finally found something cuter than my little toes. Little baby kitty cat. It's fun being a new cat owner. Get to buy your stuff. I was on Amazon looking at cat treats. Found the brand of cat treat. There's a bunch of reviews next to it. So all there was one star review. Is that cool? I got to read a one star review of a cat treat. This was the entire review. My cat didn't like this. Guys, I just keyboard. I'm going to keep this lean and lean. My cat didn't like this. I could just see that guy at home. Hey, pockets come here. Got some new treats for the child. What do you think? Oh, you don't like them? Don't worry. Daddy will bank her up the company. What just tried different brand? Don't be so petty. You don't be so polite pockets. I'm going to crush them. Made a mistake of getting a kitten instead of an adult cat. That's a mistake. I'm horrible. Oh, my God. I didn't know it was in for. She attacks me while I'm trying to sleep. It's gotten so bad I've actually checked into hotels. I've checked into the closest hotel in my apartment three different times to get some sleep. Probably $5,000 worth of hotel rent. It's a great check in. Now you walk in. No bags. Bleeding. So you hear for business, sir? No, actually a kid in a taxi. Oh, where are you coming in from? Look outside. See that building 50 feet away? See that light on the seventh floor? See that kitten in the window? Yeah, the one drinking a glass of rose. Smoking a cigarette with one of those long holders. Oh, she's holding up a sign. Todd Barry is overrated. Where does a kitty learn that word? It's incomprehensible. Supposed to brush my cats teeth. I was sprung on recently by that. You got to start brushing your teeth. I was like, OK, I wouldn't have gotten the cat. Just saying how I know and I wouldn't have considered it for one second. That's too late. I love her. So I went on YouTube looking for tutorials. How to brush your cats teeth. Thought there might be one or two. There's thousands of them. All the same, none of them are helpful. They're all like, here's how you brush your cats teeth. First start out with the world's most relaxed cat. You got that? No, I don't got that. Shockingly, I do not have that. Placer carefully on this table specifically designed to examine animals. You can get one at your local veterinary supplies store for $6,000. I'll take the toothbrush and toothpaste out. Watch what happens. Oh my god, she took it from my hand. She's taking the cat off the toothpaste. She's brushing her own teeth. Where'd you get a water pick, baby? She snuck off the target and bought a water pick. Supposed to schedule play time with the cat. I don't know. I don't want to play with my cat. I want a shark tank with my cat. We'll call that playing. Come here, baby. Sit in my lap. We're going to play. That's good. $500,000 for 2% equity. Rang! Yeah, that's bullshit. Rang, yeah, it's bad valuation, baby. Rang, yeah, they better have some cells. The apartment I live in charges me $50 a month because of a cat. It's like a little spiteful pet pee they have. Remember being in the leasing office, sign a lease. Guys like, so it's just you and the apartment? Yeah, it just made my cat. Also, it's not just you and the park. There's also something this big living there. Yeah, she's the size of my toaster. You have a toaster? You got to come clean with me, my man. I have a couple of spoons also. Okay, we're going to go 50 to the cat, 30 for the toaster. Eight bucks each for the spoons. I can make that joke last 19 hours if I want to do it. Think of all the objects I didn't mention. They have cat cafes now. Coffee shops with cats roaming around in them. They're great. I want to want a new Orleans. The only thing better going to cat cafe going to a cat cafe alone. The only thing better going to a cat cafe alone showing up and being the only customer at the cat cafe. It's just me in 150 cats. I was just walking around like I was the king. Tell me about the gray one. Seems a bit moody for a domestic short hair. Why is the tabby not playing with a ragamuff and they should be friends? Let's try a coffee. Mmm, delicious. Coffee always tastes best when you drink in your seven litter boxes. That's a lot of cat jokes, huh? Let's change the subject, shall we? That's my cat. That's a little perch that's suction cup to the window. Sometimes the suction cup comes down and I don't fix it for a while. Her name is Michaeline. She's a foreign correspondent for Al Jazeera. Close up with a face. Here, let me show you. That's her face. I hope you can't tell where I live based on that. Now you're saying Todd, how do we know that's really your cat? Boom. Same cat as you just looked at. That's me. Happy miserable. Happy miserable. Oh, that's me and Slash. That's Slash. That's me. That's Slash. Slash came to my show in London, came straight from the airport. Hi, friends. I've known 20 years who asked to be on my guest list and don't show up. Slash is like, we're going to clear customs and head right over. Oh, man. I can't show this one in New York because people get mad. I'm a washer and dryer. I'm a celebrity, of course I do. Oh, that is the front right side of my couch. It's a fancy couch that's got exposed wood. Not sure what that is, probably a million dollar contract or something. That's the rear right of my couch. She's got more work to do on that one. Oh, that's me with Lars from Metallica. That's me. That's Lars. Me, Lars. Can't invite you to my show in Northern California. Look how happy he is. Here, you know what? You saw that guy walking down the street with that smile. Did you just go to a Todd Berish? Oh, that's the front left of my couch. Someone came up to me after a show where he's like, you know, you should get scratching posts. I didn't know about scratching posts. You mean they have special posts? Oh, my God. I have 13 scratching posts. That's the rear left of my couch. That's a speaker that fell over six months ago. In order to fix that, I'd have to lean down and put it back up, right? Oh, that's me and Charlize Theran. This is me giving a masterclass in how to play it cool. Thank you very much, folks. Have a good evening. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Look at this. Look at the jazz. All right. Thank you very much. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Thank you.
What's up? What's up like y'all doing? Good, good. Last time I was out here I did the Apollo. That was some scary shit. Y'all much better than their motherfuckers. Cause their motherfuckers will boo your ass. Their motherfuckers boo me when they in the doose me. Like ladies, your hands are getting all the way from low. Mr. Ricky, boo! Boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo your ass, boo! Well say something motherfuckers. Boo! I don't mad the motherfuckers. You know that lady sitting in front of her road? I walk by her hands, I was like, boo! Boo me motherfuckers. And I wasn't mad that they booed me, right? I just mad, I don't know how many millions of people saw that shit. Cause my grandmother living in Louisiana, she called me up and she was like, hi baby, how you doing? Well you got boo. Don't worry about it, whole your damn head up, no more people booed you. Hold on your grandfather, one of my grandfather was in the background going, I don't want to say none to that motherfucker. Tell him I said kiss my ass. Made the whole Harris family look fucked up getting booed. Tell him I said kiss my black ass. Your grandfather said hi. I'll add to some other time. And I was mad man, I stayed out here though. And I worked on a film but I probably didn't see me in the motherfuckers if you didn't have a VCR and a pause button in that motherfuckers. My shit was like this. Alright boys, and I want to do films man, I want to do, cause I want to do the scary movie films man. And love making scene, you know them black, cause you never seen no black, except Wesley Snipes. And that motherfucker, Wesley be fucking in some movies man. He must have that shit in his contract. Am I fucking? Okay I'm in the motherfuckers. I ain't fucking, I ain't been in the motherfuckers. And this shit be looking real man, he be popping, that shit look too real. As I know if that was me in the motherfuckers be like, cover it, I'll be like, uh uh, keep your camera rolling. Keep the motherfuckers rolling. I'll be looking all at the camera this can be you. Oh this shit is real. Look at how I'm popping it, pow, pow. I'm telling him some man. That was it. But I want to do scary movies man, cause you never seen no black people in those scary movies. Right? You go to a movie and a scary movie, you see a black person in my black person get killed when the credits and shit roll them. You say look at that brother god damn. My fucker didn't make it past the introduction is it? And I want to do a scary movie cause you know that's what was happening. Them scary movies with them sound effects, cause that's what makes you scared the most scary movie. My favorite is Jason, the axe murderer. And have him on the fucking back cause this sound effects they're like, ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch. Cause you know when you hit that somebody about to get fucked up right? Always be like a white guy. Scooby, dooby, dooby. Oh Jesus, you hear that it's going ch ch ch ch ch. There it goes again, ch ch ch ch ch. That's why you don't never see no brothers in the movies man. Cause those are brother hit ass shit, it'd be ready to fight. Brother be walking ass real like ch ch ch, okay what the fuck you at home? No fuck this shit, I hear the ch ch ch ch. That shit is crazy man, like why you don't never see no shit like driving this days in the ghetto? Why you don't see Jason in the ghetto? No why cause my fucks wouldn't last in the ghetto. Jason would be running his ass out the ghetto like ch ch ch ch ch ch. Trying to get his ass out the ghetto. You livin' to drive through a ghetto and see Jason sittin' on the curb free basin is ya? Ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch. And Miss Daisy a billhole. Miss Daisy showin' all the suck one home boy. I know she ain't got no teeth. Hey look, I'm Ricky Harris. Peace.
Thank you Thank you very much Thank you What's going on? Good and see everybody out here tonight Hey, I haven't seen everybody be comfortable and relax. Oh my gosh good to be back in Austin, Texas It's good to know that plaid is back in Most of the news I meet around these parts are dressed like a dyke in New York. So I'm glad to see you Man fucking Texas just places. It's pretty good Pretty damn good You know I was in Santa Fe the other night a month. I got through banana peel at me Yeah, that didn't feel so good of course it was a white person Not to indict the whites I'm just saying and then not only did you throw banana peel at me, but It was premeditated you can tell You can tell the peel was too brown you know what I mean? It was like he didn't eat that banana recently motherfucker. You had that shit waiting on me And the whole crowd was white so the whole is just got instantly creepy and everyone was look like they were looking at 12 years of slave or something Who fuck does that and then they arrested the guy which I said someone was gonna fucking the button the whole thing sell you know that right Can't just be throwing banana peels a day's belly. They're not gonna let you get away with this When the press called me up like do you have a statement a statement? Well fucking banana peel now I don't have anything to say I Was like fucking famous for throwing a banana peel at me 20 years from now he's gonna be tucking his kids in the bed and keep him like dad to him about the day that she threw that banana peel to that Nigger and Santa Fe Well, I'll tell you what that black motherfucker Sons name a bone marquee about a week before I said man if I could just get close enough to meet him I Thought banana all that nigger show high Fucking banana gate I didn't even like I didn't even want to press charges you know this has happened to me before No, sir is not not a banana. I live I live in Ohio, right? So this like like a few winners ago. Oh, I don't know you would ever clap for that. Well, all right That's the first time that she's ever having oh, I know Anyway, I live amongst the whites Small town in Ohio and it was wintertime and it snowed recently so a huge snow's risk on street I was walking on my sister now my sister was dressed in all Muslim garb as were her children and I was dressed as Dave She pal and We were walking and just talking about something and a car sped around the corner and the window came down and somebody threw a snow ball and hit me right in my shoulder I didn't know what was going on why was this happening because I am black because she's Muslim because I'm Dave She pal I couldn't tell but again I Know it's premeditated Because who the fuck has a snowball and a warm car Play through lady because he went around the corner and got stopped at a red light just caught in a traffic So now ran out into the street and I just tapped on this window Hey, my man, can I just talk to you guys for a second? Come on out for a second. I just want to talk to you It's for young white dudes in the car. They're like just chill bro. It's relax. I Just want to talk now. This is an old black trick. Really. I didn't want to talk. I was gonna fuck them up so If you ever caught in traffic and a black guy started saying he just want to talk to you don't open the door lick and even at least me smiling at you And they were like chill bro just chill and and then the one guy in the backseat I don't know what he was just cockier than his friends. He was like fuck it man I'll get out the car and I started yanking on this door. Let me help you motherfucker. Let me just help you out And I didn't know his window was down and he threw a snowball that shit me right my chest Bile, you said fuck you you fucking nigger and then the light turned green and they sped off And I smiled from you to ear I looked at my sister and she said I got the plates And I was happy in shit because throwing a snowball in a monkbucker is a misdemeanor assault But if you call him a knife And me my sister dance and we go send this motherfucker to jail Now I didn't notice it, but while I was yelling them a crowd of all white people at Ford because it was an all-white town And I was like, oh, I thought it's gonna get jumped and one of them white guy stepped in was like I Didn't like that at all This is not what this town represents. I don't know what this god damn stuff in my vicinity And another white guy was like yeah, I didn't like it either And then old white guy stepped out of the crab and said young man if you're going to fill out a police report I would like to come with you and do the same. I said you guys would do that for me and hope crafts and hooray I said come on y'all I don't like Malcolm X gonna see brother Johnson with a trail white people I'm real All of it was all of a sudden in a police station and police came in and like well, Mr. Chappelle 16 identical police reports We ran the tags two young men that had their mother's car We have all four suspects and holding their mother is here It's up to you Whatever you want to do if you want to press charges will move forward Sorry about that officer. I'm a little flustered. I've never been in a Position where I could decide the fate of white children before but It's weighing heavy on me sir And I really can't decide And I saw a lady pacing back and forth in the hallway and I said is that because yes, that's their mother What can I speak to her before I make a decision? When a mom came in she saw it was me She busted out crying. Oh god. Oh, no. I don't want him to go to jail. I am so sorry. I didn't raise him to do this We love your comedy. We love you at the house. I said miss please just All right, look. I don't necessarily want your son to go to jail either But what he did was pretty was pretty fucked up So Is there something we can do short of jail just to let them know that he's wrong? I don't know. I don't know what you have in mind miss. I've never been in this position before Oh, you know what we could do I don't know It was masking too much, but maybe if you if you could just Suck my dick a little bit I'm not gonna finish. I just want you to do it enough so that I can tell him you did it I Can't I wouldn't do that to anybody's mother Maybe my kids mom, but that's it Ebola was in Texas. Ebola made a visit Kill that man in Dallas five days that man melted to death What happened to the brother in Dallas? Where was the secret serum is what we all said? I remember in the beginning of Ebola There were two American doctors that got sick in Africa They flew them in a private jet straight to Atlanta to the CDC. I didn't even know CDC saw patients There was said they administered with the New York Times called a secret serum I don't know what's in it. It's just like Colonel Sanders recipe But both of these motherfuckers survived these doctors thank God are healthy. They are out there somewhere tonight at Whole Foods touching vegetables walking around It is okay Hey Frank how are you? Oh, you didn't hear my head of bowl last week, but uh You're doing all right now. I was I was bleeding out of my eyes and anus so I got concerned, but I'm okay What happened to the brother in Dallas They just rub some vixen at me I know it wasn't gonna make it I already know Sad I saw in the New York Times that they said Ebola is the new aids And that's something here. I am thinking the old aids was working just fine And They already have a new aids that they're not amazing how they do that and it weird how there's a disease It just starts in 1980 and it doesn't kill anybody but niggas fags and junkies in that uh a fucking amazing coincidence that this disease hates everybody that old white people hate I think either God is white or the government hid that shit in disco balls Only fun people get aids Last month on the front of New York Times the measles was a headline I had to check the date of the paper. I was like measles. What is this 1850 with the fuck is this Why is measles in the news Turns out they were trying to decide if mandatory vaccinations for children is the way we all want to go any thoughts I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen. I just uh I don't know I don't know about this one. It was first of all black people did generally don't trust doctors You know after the Tuskegee experiments and all that shit More importantly don't forget Michael Jackson was killed by a doctor Granted he was doing drugs, but the vows are her own addict and I had a licensed physician and jack can heroin in me. I should survive that I just be looking like oh, I'm good, right? I'm good. It's not too much as it I Dr. Butterfingers killed Michael Jackson after that. I was like fuck going to the doctor So fucking my kid my kids vaccinated for old ass disease like measles. This is ridiculous You might as well give him a diarrhea shot if you're so worried Diarrhea has a bigger body count than the measles do You know diarrhea is funny today, but A hundred years ago if your ass had diarrhea you are a goner There was like a zero chance of survival You get that first word uh That's our get my affairs in order I don't have much time this diarrhea. It's very serious You just watch your buddy slowly die in a pool of his own shit I give up diarrhea Nowadays your buddy just like we got diarrhea just eat a banana and drink some water. Let's get to the club You still make last call Tough time for the blacks These are not good times for the blacks. I don't know if you know what I'm talking about right Police are killing us again Very unfortunate set of circumstances because we were doing very well You know America has a racial hot seat. I think we can all agree that that's the truth And we can also agree that that hot seat is traditionally occupied by African Americans in general African-American men in particular Although I can see that in recent years that seat has been occupied by by Mexicans And I dare say Arabs And we the black Americans would like to thank you both for your sacrifice and your struggle We needed a break We needed a goddamn break We all go through something, but at least I can leave my backpack someplace If you Arab and forget to backpack you got about 20 minutes For they send that robot to blow your shit up Now isis number one on the terrorist charts And isis is fucking scary because if isis catches you they're going to cut your head off That's what they do. I've seen them do it on YouTube It was fucking off. He looked right and came and say I saw this and I said oh my god Don't like Houses got cutting people's heads off on YouTube. I can't even post a big pic and this motherfucker is to capitating people You're gonna have to change my settings You know everyone has it hard, but I think Harder than black people and harder than Arabs and harder Mexicans knew has it the worst fat black people It's hard for white people to understand, but that's what I'm saying is very true Fat black people have a really rough road because all manner of things kill white people But you know what kills more black people than anything one police and terrorism salt mega regular Here white people are getting the bowl of curers and shit and meanwhile I'm dying from fucking the flavoring Look honestly, let me I'll stop talking about let me say this stuff. Let me just say this Can we all can we all just say that we've seen it coming? Will you surprise? It's like when I got through that banana at me. Do you think I was surprised hell no I've been in show business 30 years. I was expecting this banana. I Mean one of these nights is like somebody got no banana me one of these nights. I guess Cuz that's how it starts with the name calling Like that Paula Dean remember Paula Dean got fired from the food network If you know anything about show business, it is really hard to get fired from the fucking food network And they dropped that bitch like a hot potato All because she called somebody an n-word 30 years before she had a show I don't know who she said it to but whoever was just looking at her life. I'm against you for this bitch As she came back 30 years later like a bill calls be rate and suck a ban on shit And Everybody person was mad, but we want like that man. I was just like well How's this bitch gonna call me a nigga when she taught me how to fry chicken. That's not fair I think Donald sterling shit was more serious Remember Donald sterling he used to own the clippers and that he got caught on a secretly recorded tape saying some very Unsavery things about African Americans and there's a lesson in that for all of us The lesson is if you are old and white and racist in this great country whatever you do Don't Tell your black girlfriend about that shit because That's who made the tape She recorded all that shit and the tape was terrible. He was like stop bringing these black guys to my games First we're all confused like well how the fuck you gonna have a game without us But it turned out that the black guy he was speaking of was none other than magic Johnson The billionaire Unbelievable never even mentioned the fact that he had aids which is Sky must be really racist if aids is the footnote Well, yeah, be careful baby. He got the old Ebola You can say what you want about that girl, but I'm gonna tell you right now. She is a god damned hero As you might have thought these things were happening before but now you can see it all in front of you without a shadow of doubt That should actually went down She sucked that old guy's dick She really took one for the team on that one That's really gross this dick is like 80 years old It's like tasting history Like five wars on it civil rights movement great depression This guy's been fucking from 40 years before Bill Cosby's first rate. It's a very old man Very old piece But all that shit is still it's just name calling it like name calling does not break the modern black man That's not gonna do the trick. I'm gonna fuck about that like if I went to Kentucky fry chicken Ku Klux Klan Hood on top of their head. What do you think I'm gonna do in this day and age right now? I can take a fried chicken Not if I'm hungry I'll go straight to the front. Amen. Let me get two piece. I Don't give a fuck what he says. He won a bestie with that nigger. I Thought it came with the best was all this attitude I wanted two piece chop chop you know what it is But I'm not gonna be mad. Why would I be mad? He's one that's got a working Kentucky fried chicken that me Well, how about this what if I what if I lived in Austin and I had a white girlfriend It's possible in Austin as a matter of fact some people say it's necessary, but that's it not I Am in my white girlfriend at home one night and we're just doing what levels do maybe she's butt naked and she's down one knee Give me a hand chop. I love a good hand chop and she's really jerking me off, you know Skinner obliques nice and tight. I got a huge dick. So she's like hmm And I'm like wow, it really feels wonderful. I think I'm gonna come Nigger I know that's a tough one Well, what do you think I'm gonna do hey That's no time for integrity ladies and gentlemen. I'm bustling that in our face I saw through the ethics later But I want to call the man of his word if I say I'm coming. Oh, I'm coming I'm gonna fuck what happens got for being somebody could shoot me if I say I'm coming and still that That mean I like it and shot Boy, yeah tough time for the blacks I'm not gonna say nothing about the police. I'll leave that for Chris rock The other big sports story was fucking Ray Rice's tape you want to see that Ray Rice state? I can't stop watching I It's fucking off. That's the most violent thing I've seen happen to a woman that was shot in color Really fucking bad like if I got a froze time at that moment and gave Ray Rice some advice. I don't think there's any way possible I'd be like You should punch her in the face It's fucking terrible. I did And same time I also believe she shouldn't have rushed him Uh, what the fuck was he like? You can't beat him. It's don't rush him on the fucking it's trained to step on people in the clutch He's gonna get the upper hand All the reason I bring him up is because you know, he's about to play football again You didn't know that the NFL Was told by a federal judge they had to reinstate Ray Rice because he was transparent with the environment investigation he told them exactly what he did and they can't just change your rent That's like if I'm hanging out my buddies and I'm like hey guys, guess what I did last night I fucked this big fat girl I went into club and they're all like oh shit. They just crazy And then they see a tape of me doing it and they're like We can't hang out with you anymore That's not what this crew was all about I'd be like what I told you I would have did Was really fucked up as the tape was made before they were married And that weird I don't know why she do that. I don't even know why he would do that As a guy because you want to live with a woman that you had once punched in the face with all your strength That's a very bold color purple type shit Sealed come out here and shave me You're fucking mind I had to ask the older friend of mine just to get some perspectives older black dude Actually the fairest person I've ever met and I asked him I just I just said hey man Did you see that ray rights video and instantly he was like david that shit was disgusting? I wonder what she said I don't think that matters I think the idea is you're not supposed to punch her in the face My wife says terrible shit to me my wife What's called me a pussy In front of dinner guests I know I started to get mad, but then I was like Fudge is probably right I am a pussy I admit it I'm soft and warm and persuasive like a real pussy All right And And then I told I said and if you don't take candy properly, I might stink like your pussy Always fight dirty the spell house holes not a big deal No, no, no, if you want to get to the bottom of a matter of the heart What you supposed to do is ask a woman now actually there's two women that I know that both counts professors in this little area I live in and I meet them twice a week at Starbucks for coffee talk about important shit And I asked the girls who's ray rights after he punched her in the face with all the strength And one of my girlfriends said david you need to wake the fuck up She's staying for the money Well, no wait a minute because my other girlfriend was like I disagree I think that she actually loves him And I said wait and a lady's you know what I think that you're both right And what I was doing when I said that was preserving the possibility of a threesome with these bitches I've been shipping away this pussy one cup of coffee to time for like four years I was gonna throw all that hard work away with some ray-race shit I can't eat much Just being real Fucked up man, it's tough time for the blacks I love you too And then here comes the banana peel I'm waiting on it in this second You know that's how it starts I saw in the paper today I saw in the paper today that the guy that do the banana at me got arrested again Because he threw a banana at another motherfucker in the bar and saying the fact look at up online after the show He actually did that and that guy was black too. What a guy said he did it at night He said I did it because Dave should peel his racist. So think that's not the best way to handle that if I am racist What if Martin Luther King just went around throwing two of the cast role on white people with that with that work? Huh I seen your girl bubbling she's drunk as hell buddy Listen sir, I don't know what she's saying but just take my advice get some water in her or you're gonna have some dry pussy when you get home This is definitely shaped the fuck up tomorrow Santa Maria who got a cigarette in here anyone got a cigarette on the bar Yeah, you you fell out. Yeah, please Oh Let me see this is a Mara Burrow menthol. Let's get them in anybody It was a new port I'd be like a black dude through that but a Mara Burrow menthol that's one of the riddles Is the word pussy offensive? All right All right, just checking just checking Ask that crowd when we was in Denver. I said is the word people One was a woman in the front older than me maybe around my age Definitely a feminist you know, I mean short haircut plaid shirt, you know what I'm saying And she didn't say a defender what she said as she said I'm uncomfortable with that word And I was like really you And then before I could ask a why there was one other guy he was in the balcony now I don't think he was saying this to me, but he said this everybody heard me say he goes It's delicious I don't think I've ever heard pussy called delicious before my life now. This is not to say this bad But it's definitely an acquired taste I don't think any of us tasted pussy our first time I It needs something You know it's illegal for a gynecologist to say the word pussy They can only say vagina or they can name individual parts medically, but they can never say shorthand even if the gynecologist is a woman I don't think men should be allowed to be gynecologists That shit is a conflict of interest Even when my wife was pregnant we used to go to gynecologists And he put her legs up and then stir up like this he'd be like all right mr. Pell just try to relax I have pushed back on the fuck I got this just tell me what to look for When those homestow checkups There's too many ethical questions when men do that like can a gynecologist lose their license For smelling their fingers during exams that is that illegal How could they not these admit It's like if you have a good barbecue you don't even think about it you just The word pussy is only offensive if you're older People my age and younger. I don't think we even we dance to that shit That song coming to radio is the eye beat the pussy up. That's our song It's like nothing like a love song. There's no tracks of his tears. No midnight trains of Georgia. This man simply beats the pussy up Unbelievable You don't even know if he's having sex with these women they might just pull their pants down. He'd be like Ah Like you'll be watching HBO hi. I'm Larry Merchant standing here rings side with the pussy after devastating about with 50 cent Pussing come here and let me talk to you for a second my god. You look terrible You lips seem to be swollen you bleeding a little bit tell me pussy with what happened inside of that ring with 50 I don't know there. I felt really good in the first round. I was ready to fight It's warm and moist and um I don't know if it's just him and from angles. I wasn't expecting the front left Backside surprise me the most Well, pussy. Let's take a look at round four. This is where it all went wrong for you Here you come out of your corner pussy if I'm really good looks like you got 50 with a right my left But then 50 slips your jab in there there right there. You see that you punches you right on that um The little bean thing you have on top of your head. I don't know what that is There's 50 just pounding away with that bean over and over and that button gets rattled around like that I don't think I was thinking anything Larry. You know, I'm a real good defensive fighter. It's real hard to get to me Uh, I've never been punched directly on my bean before As a matter of fact most fighters don't even know that bean exists I Guess you just hit me then I lost control my legs. I don't know what else to tell you I like when little Wayne talks about pussy Little Wayne, little Wayne's had that song he's saying I got a bitch a place movies and magic cosy for me goes like this Puzzle choosy I Actually, I always makes me laugh because it never no guy says they don't know only little Wayne thinks what you're like that If you was fucking a girl she's like it's just pussy good. That's juicy. It's good That's why I'm that little Wayne because if I was in the hot tub with a girl and I could tell That the pussy was juicy Why I was in the hot tub I'd probably get out of the tub I'm a germafold I just patient little Wayne night What is this strange oil Foting in my hot tub water juice As she was so funny to me I must have wrote like no less than 40 jokes with the punch and I have pussy juice And all of them work to some degree a hundred percent of the time I'll do one more just see believe me okay All right, and this next piece This is a special episode of CSI Some reason little Wayne's guest time as the lead detective, okay, that's a setup are you ready? There it goes Has anyone else been on this crap scene? No It's very strange This place is virtually underster no forced entry No sign of a struggle Shire your flesh I already had a stick on something what is this What is this it glistens in the light Smooth to the touch Pussy juice She mustn't sit ambiance style 39 more at a paper I Everybody's mad about something Recently I got a techno line by some gay bloggers and it hurt my feelings I have no problem with gay people I but I fucking hate bloggers Not saying because his person's gay there was acting like a bitch on the line He was like mischaracterizing my jokes trying to make a point off of me when it's really it's like, you know I'm your ally mother fuck. I'm not trying to stop gay people like I better shit to do this mother fuck With saying things to try to get gay people to beat me up Seriously, he was like Dave Shepelle's jokes. I don't know how he actually talks to him is making this voice up They They was shepelle's jokes We're in a front to the manhood of all gay men What the fuck does that mean? I don't say anything that would allude the gay men not being men. I know you men In fact what could be manlier than Fucking another guy in the ass Still most gangster shit I've ever heard of in my life I'm told you I'm not cut out for that. I'm a pussy. What I said is all I said first of all I'll tell you right now what I said and I will tell you that this was not a joke. It's a true story And I just happened to tell it all right what happened was I went to a gallery party all right I don't know who in here's ever been rich before but these are very nice parties Uh, you know whining cheese and ball of conversation And There was a few eccentric types one of which was a very wealthy man that happened to be wearing a dress I don't know what you call mail. He was a tranny or drag queen perhaps whatever was this is definitely a man And this man was definitely on drugs. I don't know what kind of drugs is on but I knew he had too much You know a good It's like this. He's like, ah, he looks sick and all his friends were standing around him concerned trying to revive him I don't know whether he's looked like some kind of gay CPR. He's fanning and shit I saw all this from a distance now I shouldn't mind him on business, but I got curious. I was like And I went over there all I said I said excuse me gentlemen gentlemen It's he okay and then they looked at me like I was evil She is fine I Know this is what we were doing Here's my thing I would support anybody's right to be whoever they feel like they are inside. I mean ally in that however My question is To what degree do I have to participate in your self-image? Is it fair that I have to change my whole pronoun game up for this motherfucker that didn't make sense? Seriously If I put on an argol sweater and I'm like hey everybody I feel like a white guy in the sweater and I want some goddamn respect in the bank loan That's not gonna work You're a fucker. I feel why don't you say I give a fuck how you feel nigger as a pronoun Well There was no time for Phil Sauer to bake this was an emergency situation. I said fine. Sorry guys. I was just worried because Because she looks terrible She just fell off the bench Peers that her dick is popping out of her dress Might have a call ambulance champ. I'd rather that be a party where a tranny O.D. This is too many questions to answer You Okay, I've been through this before I had a friend from high school now in high school This guy was a thug wheel right who's a fucking dope boy. He did it all. He's a wild dude He'd be very scared of him and then after high school Word on the street was he'd come out the closet. I personally didn't believe it I bring him up because last year He calls me out of the blue like yo, what's up, man? I got your number from so and so and I heard you gonna be in New York doing a show Because I get some tickets. I was like fuck yeah, I get some tickets man. How you been you said well we'll catch up at the show man But yo, I'm a appreciate. I'll see you soon. I said all right man. Take care And I was about to hang up and I couldn't resist. I was just like Ain't they got hurt. She was gay. What's going on with that And I wish I didn't ask Because he sounded like he was dying to talk about that shit and he had a long story about it And it's not that I didn't care but I was you know, I don't like talking on the phone. I was watching tv at the same time So I just wasn't really paying attention like I should but I was trying to sound supportive I didn't really know what to say. So I just like mumbling shit throughout this conversation You know, nigga you gay man. You just gay This went on for a while and then finally I had to say something like definitive to get them off the phone and I was like hey man You know what don't let people get you down all right and the next time someone tries to make it feel bad about yourself Just remember everybody fucks funny to somebody He didn't like that shit He's like what the fuck is that mean I said huh He's saying I fuck funny motherfucker. I said no, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying everybody's different He said you ain't say different Nick you say it's you say if funny We're so fucking funny about the way I fuck and I said amen I fuck feet. He said what Oh, this is not a joke ladies and gentlemen I get women to squeeze their feet together like this and I fuck them right in that little space in their feet You But you can't build a community behind that shit There's no flag for us That shit made him laugh the next day After the show I saw him backstage. He was like, oh, what's up man? Like oh shit was going on And he had his buddy with him and goes day one was she meet man well man Well's my fiance when New York getting married because it's legal here. I said oh oh well That's yes, and he went to go get some drinks and then my buddy looked at me. He was like so Dave What do you think And I thought a mumble again See him a little nervous about getting married man it's a big step. Yeah, it is big step So you've been married for a while you got any advice for us No, I'm married to a woman. Sorry about that And they corrected me he said no you married the person that you love So it's essentially the same I said you know man The problem with that statement is that it makes the assumption that I love them but You guys lighten the fuck up of course I love my wife She laughs at this shit as a matter of fact she eats and spends this shit No, I told him I told him I said you know what you should do man first of all you should you shouldn't do it Uh, I'm talking about being legally married. It's not that your gay as much as just legal marriages is fucking diabolical leverage game in the United States I'm just being honest the void of religious significance or the idea of love marriages nothing but an awful contract that you shouldn't sign Is being real Because you start out loving each other and then like two years later you just build the case against one another For a hypothetical court date that may or may not ever happen You You know being gay on top of that that shit is explosive Like said ray right shit. Okay right after ray rights went through all that shit I was at a party and I met this kid Michael Sam's you know Michael Sam's very nice guy He's the first openly gay NFL player and Mike is very nice guy Very brave guy, but when I met him I couldn't help but thinking his wife up in the elevator Is that domestic violence? Was that just two niggas working shit out in the elevator? I Anyway, I Give all married men the same advice gay or straight get a dog This dog will love you all the time, but she's not going to I Was real talk I'm I didn't even I didn't even know about dogs and my kids got the dog They brought him home from the shelter. I didn't even wonder they're like can we keep him? I said nope I said we didn't even get this dog they're like we got him from the shelter. I was like, yeah Probably something wrong with him Can't keep him and then my kids started crying and screaming like the dog had gambling debts. Please dad if you don't let us keep him That's gonna kill him All right, you can keep him and his dog was a minis I hated his guts Then why not add smoke to much a weed and I was eating the sandwich and Bob I came up Bob I was a dog who came up and was staring at me. This will make you very uncomfortable. We're just looking at you I had to give him a piece of my sandwich so he go away and that's how we became friends Now if you see me walking down the street with Bob I I ain't got no leash or nothing he walks right next me If I if I stop he'll stop and if I go he'll go and all my friends like, oh, Dave that shit is dope. How you train Bob? I'd do that shit I've never trained Bob Just a messy eater If I drop food and Bob I was not around all I got to do is call him Bob Bob He's a black dude's dogs. They didn't come right away. He peeks first to see what's going on I got a tap my foot so we can see the food over here little buddy And he's like thanks, Dave, they'll come get it and run off But he knows all my habits like if he smells weed in the house he'll be like No, this motherfucker's about to eat and they'll just come run it I Bob I got me through a very difficult time in my marriage We spend the most time together like it's not that me and my wife don't spend time together But we've been married so long. It's like we don't we don't talk like I don't anyone's married here But after 10 years all that chatty shit goes away. You said it all you know what I mean Yeah, we're just in the zone She says the same shit to me every night before she goes bed I'll be the last one up. She's like we'll get some sleep Dave good night All right, baby. We're saving watch television good night And she'll walk halfway up the steps David Don't eat the kids lunch Well the crazy shit is I don't even eat the lunch anymore Back in the day I used to eat that shit. You know that goes I might smoke some weed in the middle of the night and she'll leave neatly wrapped sandwiches all over the kitchen I'm gonna eat it We was the big deal. Why can't she just make another one in the morning. I mean, it's like I got sons anyway And sons love everything that dads do my kids are best school the next day. Just look like oh damn it my sandwich You could trade that sandwich for something better What What I'm doing is adding value to their lunch Should I understand these types of things Anyway, she gets mad at me was she's mad at me now because I got myself in trouble I got myself extorted which happens in this business I'd come home from the road There was a FedEx sitting on a kitchen table And it was addressed to me so I opened it. I don't know who delivered it And there was a video cassette inside with a notebook written on it that said gotcha. Oh my god Can you imagine I freaked out? I told a whole house apart Trying to find the VCR I haven't seen a tape and like over a decade And I watched the tape and it was awful they got me it was a tape of me I was fucking a girl, okay, but it was from before I was married But it was not a good look and I felt sick to my stomach and I looked up at the clock And then I saw my wife was coming home in 10 minutes and I just panicked I jerked off to the tape real fast and then And then I called the FBI I It's better I mean they didn't say they were gonna cash them for sure But they had the demeanor of some competent people that would cash them so I didn't worry about it too much And then not even a week later five days later I come home and there's another video cassette just sitting on my porch Soon as I saw it I just called the police like they've done it again Uh, you should probably look for a guy with bell bottoms on because I don't know who the fuck is sending tapes I And that second tape was the worst should I have seen in my life it was awful career ending band it was a tape of me Jerking off to the table week earlier. I don't even know how how it even gets such a thing I had to explain all of this to my wife She was very mad no Thing in this world is as cold as a woman's cold shoulder because she was mad But she wouldn't talk to me about she was just punished me in little ways make me do shit that I hate to do Like pick the kids up from school. That's one thing she knew That's a hardship for me I Got one son that goes to a public school and her brother goes to a private school It's an experiment. I just want to see what's gonna happen to him But what's weird is my little son in private school. He's like my he's like my thuggy son You know, I mean, I don't know where he get that from he's not getting it from me And he's definitely not getting from that school This school is very like a liberal school. It's the kind of school It might be like 12 black students in the entire school and I'm the only black parent And none of the parents like me Not because I'm black, but just like they don't like Hyrule because I've been showing up late all the time And I might in a Porsche and a blast in music that they don't like The music that I beat to pussy up and I pull into the park and I I might be smoking a cigarette with the kids in the car Then I pull in like that handicap space And then when I get out of the handicap space they always want to say some passive aggressive shit morning Dave Don't know if you notice, but yeah, she parked in the handicap space Yeah, you know what Frank I did notice But who was this handicap guy we're all waiting on that never shows up So I hate going over to that school is the only only parents that are nice to me is Lesbian couple Kate and Sarah actually Kate hates my guts Sarah knows that I'm black and she's half black so she just understands me You know, I'm saying I can't explain it Because I'll say shit and Kate's just too serious about being a lesbian. I'll be like hey Kate. Hey Sarah Uh You guys going to the father son picking you next week. How's that gonna work? And Kate will instantly be furious, but Sarah knows I'm fucking around so should just say something cool I don't know Dave maybe me and Kate will flip for that shit I see if they should get a save that coin toss because everybody knows you strapping on at that household And then Kate'll turn bright red but Sarah just pissed by me like you right negative me We good friends We're good friends they invite me to stuff they're like my only friends at the school So imagine my surprise when I go to pick my son up after all this happens and The teacher is waving outside for me. She's just standing right there in the middle of the fucking handicap space I knew something was wrong. So I rolled the one we talked to you for a minute in the office I said, no fuck that we got to talk right here. What's going on? I Know it was bad Every him had a fight. I said a fight. Don't worry Everyone's okay. I said everyone What happened? Well, that said we don't know what happened because he won't talk to anybody All we know is that he punched Sarah Jr. in the face. I said, oh no Sarah's one of the only parents. I'm not sure I can beat up in the school Just think hey Sarah put up to pick up the adora and then we all had to go into the office and I was really worried I didn't want him to kick me out of the school And then they brought my son and he was crying They brought him in like a prisoner He's like oh, oh, oh, I said son. You stop crying calm down. Do not look at these mean faces I need you to look at my face and I need you to tell me the truth buddy All right, just tell me the truth is it true did you punch that girl Sarah Jr. in the face? I was trying to give him a signal to lie, but he didn't pick up on it. I was like He wasn't paying attention to say yes daddy. I punched her face. Oh my god. Why why would you do that? You know supposed to put your head those gangster it scared all the parents in the world Oh Gosh, he had it coming And everyone looked at me and I said I did not teach her. I don't worry got that from I said what does that mean to know this crazy talk What does that mean And then he just started crying like he was two-buck oh These kids keep fucking with me I Told us teacher I said well when I wait a minute this is a lot of things but he's not alive And if he said they was fucking with them they did something to him son. What's going on? What do they do to you? Oh damn tired of this shit It's been going on all week. I said what's going on all week? He said we said urch in that bitch bit my sandwich I said She's the fourth time this week. I'm tired of sandwich biting bitch Stop using that word. Let's go home That's quiet car ride home We got to the house he was ran right up to his room slam the door There's mother came downstairs by then she had heard about everything She was looking at me like oh my She said he bit that goddamn sandwich I said I'm tired of you accusing me of shit and I just ran out of the house Jumped in my car and drove off of course. I bit that sandwich But I knew that she was just really mad about that tape so now she's gonna punish me about a fucking sandwich I was man as fuck you know what I said to myself. I said I should just never go home. Fuck this shit You know by the way that's how people used to get divorced in the 40s We're no divorce court in America back in those days if you want to get out your marriage You tell your wife. Hey baby. I'm going to get a pack of cigarettes. I'll be right back We were just leave with the clothes on your back That's when men were men And there was no internet back then so you can move 11 miles away and have a whole new life Oh But I ended up going back home Late at night and came in the room and she was actually changing for bit You know I was telling your wife was mad at you when they covered her titties up when you're walking. Oh Let those titties out. It's me baby You Can we just talk about this full minute she said David there's nothing to talk about I already know you bit the sandwich and no Go looking for the lunch I hit it It's that I want to talk about the sandwich baby. I want to talk about it The tape I know that's why you're mad It was a very difficult conversation I had to crack a few j... and we started talking and then she cracked a few jokes That hurt my feelings honestly, but Will we talk ain't it when she told me she told me that she was madder About the second extortion tape that she was about the first one Which doesn't make sense at all. What's wrong with the guy touching his own private parts It's my own business. It's not like I do it all the time. As a matter of fact sometimes I do it for her benefit a lot guys do this It's called the mercy jerk That's the one that happens in the middle of the night. We about to roll on top of it and you see her face me like She looks tired That takes a lot of love and discipline to back out of her room with the rock hard dick Sometimes I don't make it. Uh oh Someone fell asleep with the socks off didn't they You can't rape feet You can't rape feet Oh All the time I jerk off now is in the game Sometimes she'll tell me they want to take the kid to my mom real quick probably back in a couple of hours a couple hours You can get a good one in in two hours That's kind of session where you'll take all your clothes off I Be button making an olive room like get these fucking toys out of my way Disgusting foot all on the coffee table just stroking it out taking my time I got both cereal waiting for me right here That's That's when you have the privacy you can have a loud orgasm I miss those You know the guy buss the nut like right after that. There's a window of like six minutes where he does the most rational thing He ever does that's when he's always horrifying God what have I done? Oh my god, it's everywhere Thank you very much awesome Texas out of one of the time be well be happy Good night
I'm gonna talk about Magic Johnson. I think Magic's a hell of a man to come on TV and say what he had to say. He got a lot of heart. And deal with a smile on his face. I feel good. I feel good. Life goes on. I'm gonna beat this. Because if that had been me, I'd have came on. You're looking at dead men. I got five six years tops. I'm robbing banks. I'm assassinating the president. I ain't got shit to lose. Because 91 was a trip. 91 was a year. Everybody went crazy. Police lost state motherfucking mind. I know y'all seen the Rhine and King beaten Camo every night turning to a TV series. Let's watch the Rhine and King beaten tonight. 738-39. Third of a rule. Whooping his ass just for you. And they fucked the brother up. And now let's get ready to go to trial to police keep coming on TV. We're not guilty. Stevie Wonder can see these motherfuckers guilty. But that's all right. Because the brother getting paid. He getting a million dollars for every blow. 56 million dollars. I'm looking to get fucked up. I'm doing 300 miles an hour in a Volkswagen. Yelling out to window. Fuck the police. Fuck all your bad dreams motherfuckers. Come over here. Whoop my ass, give me my cash. If I know I'm getting a million dollars for every blow, I will grab the billy club and fuck my own shit up. Then you hear clanshtomers and Anita Hill. Black on black crime at the highest level. And I think both of them was telling the truth. Because clanshtomers and pants so many asses, you just forgot about that one. Because you know clanshtomers and pants that ass. You married two white woman, no ass at home. That's good. He showed up at the job scene at Big Fat Black Juicy ass. Fuck! Welcome to the job, baby. You ever seen long-done silver? And the real hypocrite was the senators. Your biggest crooks in the world are fit trying to jail somebody. Especially take candy's eggs. Greatest mirrorer. Drive-by student, you name it, he done it. And they finally asked him a question. I, you old disintegrate Casimbaugh. Just don't bring up none of my shit. Oh, yeah. And I found out that a lot of our nation's great four fathers were heavy cocaine users. Like Alexander Graham Bell? That's how you got his middle name. Graham! He like the vibe by the Graham. Because you gotta be totally high and out your mind to come up with a concept like telephone sending home. I wish I could talk to somebody any minute. Hello? Hello? And you know Ben Franklin was fucked up. He went out to lighten the storm with a kite. Me and I say more. And Michael Jackson got his new album out. The stuff Teddy did on this slamming, the rest of this... I think Michael's on crack. Myself. Anybody that will fuck they face up like that on purpose, he doing something. I bet you might as well go home, might as well. Oh! Oh! Good night, Jack.
The unreachable remains in for the Oh, my God, that is so much. Austin Texas, how's it going? Lake Show, great to see you. Look at this. Look at how the spotlight follows me. I feel bad for the front roads, like the sun rising. Look at this. Hey, you're going to be a little bit more than you're going to be. You're going to be a little bit more than you're going to be. You're going to be a little bit more than you're going to be. You're going to be a little bit more than you're going to be. Yeah. Aaaaah! Again, yeah! But I'm in here! Just for you guys. Austin, Texas. Yeah. One of my favorite towns, I saw one of my favorite things about Austin, Texas. One of my favorite restaurants has one of my favorite signs, perhaps you've seen it. It's a barbecue joint, has a sign that says, T-E-E-F. I'm not making this up. No need, teeth, to eat our beef. That's a real sign. That exists. I walked past that. This is a weird town, guys. You have a whole foods that you can drink white wine in the middle of it. You also have a barbecue joint that caters to the teafless. It's a weird place. Guys walking around with a beer to be just like, I don't have teeth, but I love cow! Only problem though, these places don't cater to the no-tief wallet. They definitely have teeth having prices. You understand? A guy with no teeth goes in there. He probably doesn't have the coin to throw down for this premium barbecue. He's like, how do you accept our contact? Beat it, no teeth. Scram. I was recently home in Boston, Massachusetts. Where my mother, Irene, referred to the singer Selene Dion. Listen to me now. She referred to the singer Selene Dion as Selon Dijon. I honestly don't know why we're not all doing backflips right now. Selon Dijon was said to me in a room with Aaronet. I heard it, remembered it, and brought it to the show. That is a gift. I haven't even added anything. It's like a cat bringing a dead bird. It's a treasure. And it wasn't like this. It wasn't like Peter. Who's that singer, French Canadian? I don't know. Selon Dijon, I don't know. What's her name? I don't know. Selon, is that it? Selon Dijon? I don't know. It wasn't like that. Your father got me tickets to my favorite recording artist. Selon Dijon. Just an expensive mustard rinse of a performer. I love Selon. I hope she plays my favorite song from my favorite movie, Big Boat Iceberg. That's my favorite movie. Starting my favorite actor, Leonardo DiPizza Place. He is a dream. Here, there, under the stairs. I love the lyrics. None of those are the lyrics, Mom. So I don't know if you can tell by my overall vibe. I am a friendly fellow. Kind of guy that likes to get to the airport a couple hours early. Get a few white wines in me and start telling old people they still got it. I don't feel like I belong in comedy. People going out drinking slippery American cocktails, having sex after. I don't belong in the nightclub scene. Look at me. This face doesn't... How are you doing? Fix your tail light while you were sleeping. No charge. That's... I don't belong in a comedy club. I like to think that there are millions and millions of different universes. Each slightly different from the last and this universe. The one we're all in currently is the only one where I'm not a youth pastor. Does that resonate with you? I shouldn't be on a fancy stage right now. I should be in a carpeted gennasium with an acoustic guitar with a rainbow strap. Just like... Who wants to rap about the Lord? Let's do this. Let's get some testimony. Let's get some testimony. I love those Tessies, buddy. Break out those Tessies. But no one will tell me why that's funny. Yeah. Corny Guy. I always like doing something silly up top. I look at it like comedy stretching. Remind me to not take any of this too seriously. It's just a silly job. So I'd like to do Pierce up top if any of you are familiar with what a weird world. You guys know Pierce? Yes, we do. We're going to do Pierce. For those of you who don't know Pierce, I feel like expectations are getting up high. Go ahead and lower them. Nothing is about to happen. So this is it. This is my impression of a guy asking his friend Pierce to get beers for a party. Okay? Starts with a door opening. For no reason. Pierce! Pierce! Pierce! Pierce! Pierce! Get beers, Pierce! Pierce, get beers! And music Pierce. Pierce for Pierce! Pierce! Go to Pierce! Pierce, three cheers for Pierce! If you don't do that in the shower alone tomorrow, you're dead inside. That's how that works. Make up your own. Just be like, I haven't seen you in years, piers. Live your life. No one else is gonna tell you, too. We did an old one to do a new one. This is a new pierce. This is a guy. It's just as stupid. This is a guy telling his Latino friend that their soccer team finally broke their losing streak, okay? A guy telling his Latino friend that their soccer team finally broke their losing streak. One! We won one one! One! We won one! We finally won one one! Where were you when we won one one? We finally won one one! One is what we won one one is what we won. It was one to one for the longest time one, then we won one one. Penalty kicks. If that doesn't unlock the safe where you keep your joy, maybe loop up the dial a little bit. Just a little bit. For yourself. That's where we're having a good time. That's the worst thing to do when you're actually having a good time is to declare it. I'll do that all the time if I'm at a party and we are having a fun time. I'll go, oh man, fun with friends. Not anymore. You just ruined this. Actually teach you guys the worst thing you can say. Do you guys want to learn the worst thing you can say? I figured it out. If you're at a party and you actually are having a fun time, wait for there to be a lull in your little horseshoe of friends. Statistically every 11 minutes. Then just look at them and go, oh man, this party is McDonald's. I'm loving it. That's it. That's the worst thing you can say. Feel how you feel right now? Violated. That joke changes your core temperature. The feeling of hearing that joke is the feeling of getting hit in the face with a living lobster. That's what that joke feels like. Everyone falls for it. I don't care how smart you are. This party is McDonald's. What? What do you mean by that? What do you mean by that, sir? I'm loving it. Fuck you. Fuck you, sir. Everyone falls for it. You have this. This is a tool in your tool belt now. You didn't know you were going to leave better than you came. If you're on a date, you just don't give a shit about the date you knew right away. You're like, no. Sabotage the date. Wait for a while and just look at them and be like, oh man. This date is McDonald's. Then there's a timing to it. It's a three counter two dry swallows. They're gone. They're not there. When you come back. It's great to be in Austin. Last show I had was in Atlanta. A travel agent made a mistake and booked me in a bad part of Atlanta called Atlanta. That one is right over the plate. That one. That is a straight show business. I don't know if you can picture this friendly face fellow in a bad part of Atlanta. But I was just like, oh no. I don't know if you've ever been driving around a sketchy neighborhood and you do what I do and start telling yourself that it's you. That you're judging the neighborhood inappropriately. That's what I did. I was like, stop it. It's fine. It's different. I like it. It's just different. Thank you. What a vibrant community. Check cashing places. What a wonderful service. Those should be everywhere. Thank you very much. Oh, a cash for gold. Thank you so much. Finally a place to get rid of this goddamn chest of gold I have. For I be a pirate back from voyage. Thank you. I knew it was a bad area because I saw a pimp. It's 11 a.m. I saw a pimp. How do I know it was a pimp? Picture a pimp. You got it. Don't alter your first draft of pimp in the lease. I saw a man head to toe in a furry purple suit. A glass cane with a living squid in it. And Kung Lao's hat from Mortal Kombat. I saw a pimp. Like the idea of a man who went to a costume shop rented the pimp and then proceeded to actually pimp within it. And then never return it as is the pimp's way. Then I got to my hotel. I don't know if you're still playing the picture at game but it's not like a double tree. It's like in a band and building someone had spray painted the word hotel on. Two ease, put them wherever tickles you. I'm checking in behind three feet of bulletproof glass. I still think it's going to be a delightful stay. I'm asking what the Wi-Fi password is. What is it? It's hard to hear you through this protective casing. It stabbed me. How odd. There's an underscore stab underscore me. Thank you so much. Then it hits me. This has nothing to do with me or my perception of this area. This is a messed up area. I don't care who you are. You need to get the fuck out of this area. So I'm in the middle of the transaction. I didn't know what to say. I had my roller bag and I was just like, Never mind. I just rolled out. I'm in the parking lot. It's 11 a.m. It already looks like a bone thugs in harmony video. I don't want to go to the crossroads just yet. So this is the most cowardly, lamest, most pathetic thing I've ever done in my life. I got in my rental car, Kia Serrento. Already pretty lame. Terrified. No idea where I was. No idea where I needed to go. Turned on the GPS. Hand trembling. Just knew I needed to get far, far away from there. I was parked in Barnes and Noble. I feel some of you not sure if you can laugh at that joke. And I feel that same percentage filing that away as a viable option to get out of a sketchy neighborhood. It worked. I could have done Panera. I could have done Apple Store. 15 minutes later I had a scone. Do you understand? You're welcome. It's not my finest moment. I think I'm getting too comfortable swearing. I recently told my doctor that I don't really fuck with cheese. That's true. I was in a doctor's office in the morning. And he was like, tell me about your diet. I was like, pretty good. Don't really fuck with cheese. Maybe pump the brakes, old P.D. fans. Maybe pump the brakes. I'm a dumb man, though. I'm a dummy. I recently dropped a dog. Oh, that's okay. Here are the empathy noise. I didn't wound a dog. That would be crazy. If I was like, okay, she was going pretty good. What next? I killed a dog. You know, those things everyone loves. I ended one. I wouldn't tell you guys if I did that. I would save that for my serial killer journal. I would just like, could man be so sweet in it? Is that just me? That's the craziest thing about serial killers. Is the journaling? I understand killing some people. But who wants to go home like, big day? Take it easy, duty-houser. You killed a lot of people today. Take it easy. So I dropped a dog. I didn't know you can't. Did you know? Maybe there's one person I'm helping. You can't drop dogs. If you want to put a dog down, they're like little old people. They need help. They have arthritis and joints. Be gentle. You have to be gentle. If you want to put a dog down, you have to kneel as if before a king and lay it down. If there's mud, put your jacket down. They need our help. I was raised with cats. You can bowl a cat. Do you understand? You can't hurt a cat. They're infallible. They're like the Pope or a Pharaoh. You can't hurt a cat. You can pick up a cat anyway you want. You can grab a cat by the fat behind its neck. It'll yield to that move from its youth. Straight up with that look on its face like this is degrading us both. I'm six foot six. That's like a kitty cat skyscraper. I'll go as high as I want, give it a little bend to the knee, a hoist into the air. Cats cool, baby. He's unfazed. He doesn't even blink. Do cats blink? He doesn't even blink. Let's just do 13 kitty cats, summer salt, smoke a tiny cat cigarette. Land on all fours. He'll be like fuck yourself, I'm a cat. He'll disappear into a nearby shrub. You won't see him for two months. He'll be fine. He'll forge for himself. He'll come back on a rainy Thursday covered in low-main. Just like I've returned. Not because I like you, but because I choose to come back. That's how I like my love from women and from cats. I like to earn it. I like to earn it. When a cat meets you, he's like, die. And you work up to that per. That per means something. People like my dog loves me. I'm like, yeah, but your dog would also love a bag of sticks with your t-shirt on it. You know what I mean? Scram. But I love dogs. Don't get me wrong. I love dogs. If I see a dog, I love it. I get excited. I'm very tall. And especially, it was like a cat-sized dog. I want to pick it up. That's how I love animals. I want it close. Looks so small. Bring it up here. Where I can see it. It's always a gamble picking up a dog. I'm sure where they bend. It's never the same. Where do dogs bend? It's a gamble. They're like rigid little furry tables. You got to go in like a fork lift and just take a chance. Once you're up in the air, you never know when's it going to yield into that lower-case sea shape. With the asshole right on your arm. We all act like that's not happening. It's a lovely beast. The asshole is right on my arm. It's cooler than the rest of them. So I'm holding a dog. It's like a 35-pound dog, like a Boston Terrier or something. I took a picture with the dog. Proof that I love dogs. And then I was done. I'm done with the dog. I feel you judging me. I'm judging me too. This is a stupid story. This is a tale of woe. I'm done with the dog and an idiot me. I just open. From here, I just open my arms. And immediately I watched it falling. I was like, that doesn't look right. Because this fucking dog didn't put his paws out to cushion the blow. He put his paws to the side. Like a goddamn adrenaline junkie skydiver. Trying to get the most juice out of the run. His arms flailed like an old man, chewing mosquitoes at a company picnic. And then he greeted the earth with his face. Are you listening to me? He greeted the earth with his face. Do you know the sound of a dog crumbling into the earth? I do. It's terrible. It's like dropping a hairy baby. Everyone hates you. No redemption. You have no choices, though. You open your arms and drop a dog. It starts free-falling. You have two choices. One, let it go, which is what I did. The only other choice you have, I've thought about it, is to own it and be like, fuck your dog. Your dog is a racist. I've always hated your dog. So, I'm a single man. I am the only man up here. A single man. I've never really been single before. It's new. It's interesting. It's not because I'm so... Who the kid stopped getting it wet? You never offend yourself. I just offended myself. I can't stop getting it wet. Look, gross. It's not because of that. It's because for the past whatever decade I've been sexually active, I've never said that before. For the past decade that I've been sexually active, what am I showing you? A slideshow? 1950s high school? This is a penis. Okay, here we go. For my whole life, if I sleep with a girl I date her for a year and a half, that's how it works. She's not even aware of it. I'm like, I'm your boyfriend, that's how it works. And I thought I'd give that a break. I was like, let's see what happens if I'm a self-reliant man and I will be a single man. And I like it. It's a given a take. The give, you can do whatever you want. There's no little girl there to be like, fucking stop it. Knock her head. They're not there. You can be like, I'm going to shave with Miracle Web. You'll be surprised how far you get. You're just like, zesty, and it worked. Downside, I choke on my soup. I die alone. I'll tell you, there are things that I do now that I'm single that I've never done before in my life. For example, if I'm going out, and this is sad, if I'm going out to a party or a dance or something, ice cream social. Anywhere where I think there might be a girl, and I might meet a girl. I hear lore of people meeting girls and having sex with them. I was like, maybe for all pity. You know what I mean? So if I'm going out on a Friday night to a party, before I leave the house, I do stuff I never do. Like, I'll make my bed. I feel you getting uncomfortable. I'm uncomfortable too. I'll make my bed. Because I'm like, a girl might see this bed. It's got to look like the cover of a Crane Barrel catalog. I want to look real nice. Guys, I don't make my bed. I've never made my bed. What am I recovering alcoholic? I don't need structure. I sleep in the same swirl of top sheet as I mule kicked it off the evening before in a fever dream. I've never made my bed. I jump right back into that, like a caramel center in a Ben and Jerry's flavor. I call Lonely Man's dilemma. I've never once made a bed. I can't tell you what it feels like to be wafting up a top sheet. That I haven't moved in a millennium. Just like, maybe a special lady the night. Tucking it in, guessing. I don't know how to tuck it in. Like fancy, like a hotel. Spraying down for breeze. Hear the truth. No time for a wash. Spraying down some for breeze. This is awkward. If you're not laughing, you're not picturing a grown man alone. Just like, shh. Floral scented desperation all over the sheets. There's a lamp that I turn on, like a sex lamp. Mooliting. I'm so confused. Unless I think your girl's coming over. I can't use the overhead one. It's too dank. What is this surgery? Sex lamp. Clean up the toenails. This is true. The feed might make an appearance. Trim up the toenails, guys. Can't have the cold, click-clack of your feet on tile. Be a deal breaker. Just like, hi, I'm foghorned leghorn here to fornicate with you. He doesn't have sex. He's a cartoon bird. I can't tell you guys, I don't have the poetry of language to then tell you what it feels like. To come home, one in the morning, alone, see the crack of my bedroom door, see the lamp, smell the febries, and promptly master made a top of made bed. I can't. I'm just like, this was for someone else. Pretty generous girthmime at the end. That is a generous girthmime. Not even a joke. That's just investigative reporting on what happens in my life. I'm a straight man. I'm one of those straight guys. Some exceptions. I am completely gay for Ryan Gosling. That's true. Behold the correct response. In fact, any man not clapping and applauding at least in his heart is a goddamn liar. And I want to hit you in the face with an antique fan from the Orient until you admit it. You don't have to be gay to know that that is a gorgeous sexy beast. And he's everything that we want to be. I am gay for Gosling. That's right. I don't want to fuck him. That's not enough. That's just a little piece of me inside of him. I want to go all the way up in there and wear him like a puppet. Do you see that? I want to be Ryan Gosling. I'm getting orders from Ryan Gosling. I saw the movie Drive, changed my life. It's true. I saw it, I left the theater, I was like, oh, that's what I'll do to be cool. I just won't talk. I've done it. It totally works. I've been on a date and the girl's talking. I don't know what to say. Do a Gosling with you, man. Shout your mouth. Chew on a toothpick. Don't say shit. It works. And by works, I mean we're in a non-sexual relationship where I'm helping her raise her son. And also helping her husband rob a pawn shop. I think it'll be okay. Straight man are the most easily a fendable group. My group. It's fun to fuck with them. It's fun to mess with us guys. I love playing the price game with my friends. Never do that. That's where you talk to your friend. You're like, all right, I know. You're straight. You are a straight man. I believe you. You check the box marks straight. You are straight. Got it. $10 million. You go down on a dude? I don't care how gay friendly or open-minded the guy is. It's always the same. It's like, no. No. No way, bro. No way. 20 million. Barf city.org, bro. I'm logging on. $100 billion a week for the rest of your life. Not even considering it, bro. Seriously? How many Tahitian islands in polar bear butlers do you need to forget 15 minutes on a lonely Thursday? You'll move on. Do you know how much straight shit I've done? I've forgotten with two glasses of shardonnay and a Xanax. You'll erase the memory. You can even make it mythical. Like, dude, your mom is dying. We'll cure her if you do it. No way, bro. Modern raise no homo. Just in a rational monster they won't save her. You kill a guy for a million dollars? I kill a guy for 200 cash. stab him in the neck, watch life leave his face, but not make him feel pretty good. Listen to me carefully, Austin. I'm straight. That means I don't want to blow a dude. But it doesn't freak me out. Penis is don't freak me out. I'm attached to a penis. What do you think I'm in the shower? Like, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's back. I give a man a hand job most days. Me. I know the warm familiar grip of a penis you guys. I could figure it out. I'd be free-stylein, but I'd get the job done. Next thing you know, my mother's got every last thing life and I'm doing back flips into Goldcoin's DuckTales style. I'm so full of my ties I have no idea how I got there. Four. Four million. Are you kidding me? In a briefcase I can handcuff to my wrist? Yeah. Four million. Let's do this. You're fucking right. Four million dollars. That's Ryan Gosling, 50 bucks in a ride home. That's all right. And I give him the 50 bucks. Like, thank you very much. Big fan. Where do you live? This next one, I have no idea if it's going to work. This is a newer joke and I'm not sure if it's too mean. Because this is a weird feeling I've had. I'm a nice person. I'm a nice guy. I don't know. Just kind of like the kind of person you want to introduce to your parents. Like, I'm hanging out with this guy. Like, why? Nothing illegal. Hey. No pills or powders here. Hey, good looking. I'm a friendly guy. If your name's Anna, I'm calling you banana. That's the kind of guy. That's who we're dealing with. That's part A. Part B. Every girlfriend I've ever had, I've secretly hated her friends. Don't abandon me. Please don't betray me here. I know that's a weird thing. And some of you are on dates and you can't laugh. Fine. I'll be the whipping boy. This is a weird secret. I've had in every relationship. Thank you for nodding your head, sir. God love you. Every girlfriend. Why? Let me break it down for you. You meet a girl. What an exciting thing. You fall in love with a girl. And hey, she loves you too. How magical. That's great. You found a girl. And then suddenly there's just six fucking other girls. Like, hey, I'm Tiffany. Fucking be the Tiffany. I don't give a shit. I'm from Pennsylvania. Can I light you on fire? Is that something I can do? And my girlfriend always secretly hates her friends too. The second we're alone, she's like, I know Susie's a fucking bitch. I hate Susie. Susie walks in. Hey Susie. You hate Susie too. We both hate Susie. And my girlfriend is a girl. She's like, I know Susie's a fucking bitch. I hate Susie. Susie walks in. Hey Susie. And my girlfriend's parents too. Always hate him. I'm sorry. I know that's unpopular. It's weird. Always hate him. Why would I like him? You fallin' over the girl then there's just two random old people. Like, hello. How you doin'? Scram. You're in the way. What are we gonna hang out? Maybe we could all find a movie. We could all enjoy. Maybe we could ingest grenades. Is that something we can do? They want to get all friendly. Call me dad. Call me dad. I'm full up on dads. Already got a dad. And I've never been with my parents and been like, I gotta double up on this shit. Never. And they hate me too. It's just facade. They hate me too. We're all pretending to like each other. Go to cheesecake factory. Like, so Peter, what was your major in college? I fuck your daughter. Is that a major? I'm minored in. I'm rough with your baby angel. Is that? And we're gonna sit here like chums. If your dad's best friend fucked his daughter, hit kill that man with a shovel. But we're gonna split a dessert. It's a lot. I've been playing a lot of old school video games. I got an emulator from my computer. So I've been playing a lot of like double dragon. Yeah. Remember that? Streets of rage, two final fight. Been playing all these games. And I've been playing them and also cracking myself up with the following fantasy that I think would be fun for us to imagine together. The idea of a character from one of those side scrolling games going to the doctor? Already laughing. Because he's making artistic choices. It's a video game character like Hey Gar going to the doctor. How are you picturing it? Is it a human doctor? Maybe it's Dr. Mario. These are your artistic choices. But I can't stop laughing at the idea of Hey Gar going to the doctor. And the doctor being like, hey, Hey Gar, how you doing? Pretty good. And what do you even up to, man? What's been going on? I've been fighting. Doing a lot of fighting. What kind of fighting? Oh, regular. You know, left to right. A lot of little guys and then like at the end one big guy. Fighting, you know, pretty standard. Okay. And what's the problem? What brings you into the office here today? It's my stomach. Okay, why don't you tell me a little bit about your diet? I don't think that's it. All right, well humor me. Why don't you just tell me what you eat on a normal day? Okay, it's a waste of time. But like an apple. Like I'll find an apple. What do you mean you'll find an apple? You mean you'll go to the store and you'll select an apple? Is that what you mean? Oh, no. I'll be fighting. And then I'll hit a barrel. And that barrel will bounce a few times flash and disappear. You know, a barrel. And right there on the dirty ground, they'll be an apple. And I'll go over and I'll eat that in one bite. That'll get me about a third of the way. I forget who's who. You eat ground apples. Well, I don't call them ground apples, but yeah. You eat anything else? Oh yeah. Fully cooked rotisserie chickens. It's the stupidest joke there's ever been. And it takes like six minutes. You were here for something. Something happened. And that. Oh, God. Let's see how weird we can get it. This is a weird one. I've been thinking about breast milk a lot lately. Breast milk. Hey guys, breast milk. When's the last time you thought about that? Never. Milk from breasts. Guys, listen to me. Women can make milk from scratch. Milk. The shit you buy in the back of the grocery store. Women can make it with their bodies. I feel you backing away. I'm not a crazy person out on the sidewalk. Like, you can make half and half with your tahtas. This is a scientific fact that we must all reckon with. Any woman in this room can get pregnant. And something in your body goes, turn it on. And you eat it, quiznos. And your body takes the nutrients from quiznos. Turned it into milk. Something comes out of your vagina. You feed it that. And it lives. Holy shit. That's amazing. What's even crazier is I drank it. You drank it. You drank it. You fucking sociopaths. You drank it and you loved it. Oh my god, you loved it. You were never so happy spooning your mom's huge taht. Napping mid-guzzle. Listen to the truth. You would cry and scream and well when you didn't get it. And the only thing that would settle you down is going to second base with your mother. Do you realize you should be so much more fucked up than you are? I can't believe any of us are wearing pants. Great job, you guys. Way to turn it around. We should all be dressed like Abraham Lincoln right now killing off 2D clowns. That's where we should be. Not even clowns in makeup just like, I know you're a clown. And when the police get there, be like, sorry, I committed a thirsty act of incest that be like, as you were, Mr. President. Thanks for not killing all of us. This is the end of the show. I feel like we should talk about religion. Way to wrap it up. You guys have been amazing, by the way. Really, really great. I've been thinking about how I want to die. We all have to die. Weird if there was one person here that didn't know that. Like, what? No! I've been thinking about how I want to die. I want to get hit by an arrow. Who's hit by arrows anymore? That never happens. I want to get hit by an arrow. And not like in the woods where it would kind of make sense. I want to be waiting for like a crosswalk to change just like, what? And you know if one hits you three more on the way, just like, who the fuck is arching me right now? I would crumble to the earth with a smile on my face. That would be the best way to die. I thought about the funniest way to die. It's me. I've been hit, hopefully, by arrows. God willing. And on the ground, I'm dying. And somebody's passing by and they see me dying and they come and they kneel beside me to be with me in my final moment. I'm written social rule. That's what you're supposed to do. So, they kneel beside me and I see this man. And I get a second wind and I lean up and I go, not today. But then I just die anyway. To lean up with vigor and declare like, not today, I guess today, then you fall back down and diarrhea shoots down one of your legs. And they put not today on your appetite because you can't argue, you're gone. It's weird that none of us know what happens when we die. That is a huge burden. That all of us share. I don't care if you're an atheist or a big time believer, either way I respect you, all of us, in common, no idea what happens when we die. It's all just a guess. That's crazy. It's wild. We just walk around acting like we're not thinking about it. Like, in fucking yogurt shops. It's like, hi. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Is it all by weight? Is that how this works? Like the crunchies and the candies and the fruities. Those are all, it's all by weight. Where did grandma go? It's a heavy question and I'm tired of not talking about it. The way I see it, you have two choices. You can believe in something and be that variety of doofus or believe in nothing and be that variety of doofus. Either way, you're a doofus. You got to choose. You can believe and be happy, yellow t-shirt, just like, yeah! I know. It doesn't quite add up, but I love it. It just works for me. It works for me. This is a segue. You're hauling ass on a segue. You throw a wet, nerf football to a golden retriever that catches it as the sun is setting and you're like, that's proof of the Lord. That's choice A. Choice B. You can wear a dusty corduroy jacket with elbow patches and scotch, bring everyone out of party down with your science. We're all bags of water and electricity. We're going to die. Those are your choices. And they exclude each other. Everybody thinks they're in between. You got to choose. You got to choose right now. Why not be weird? Choose it a comedy show. Which are you? Everybody thinks they're in between. You got to pick one. Which is it? You're on a plane. It's going down right now. Which guy are you? Are you science guy in first class with a scotch? She's like, well. This is as meaningless as it all was. Or the believer back in coach just like, I'm going home. You put it that way. It sounds obvious. Of course, you would be a believer. But it's not always better to be a believer. Because chances are, if you believe in something, you probably think that thing has a preference on how you live your life. That's where science guy wins. Nothing's judging him. He's like, what about it? I love dog pornography. Who cares? I look at it every night. I'm carbon. They're carbon. It makes me hard. I jerk off. I go to bed. He's fine with it. Or you can be a believer, mostly happy, but a closet at home is sexual and burn yourself with a cigarette every time you get a half-boner from Ryan Gosling. Those are your choices. And I'm 33. You think I would have put this to bed already? I would have had it all figured out. But I can't because things keep happening that make me question it, man. Like, for example, recently, a guy jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge to die. Obviously, not to celebrate life. Not like, things are great to high. It wasn't like that. He jumped off to die. And in the air, mid-fall, the guy realized that he didn't want to die, called out to God. And when he hit the water, listen to what I'm about to tell you. When he hit the water and the order, are you listening? You know that animal? No one ever thinks about it. You know that animal? No one ever thinks about it. And the order, swam up, push the man out of the water and saved his life. That man said that that order was sent by God. Was it? I don't know. I got both interpretations in my brain. I got science guy going, yeah, right. That order probably thought the guys' feet were fish. That order killed a human baby later that very day. But I want to believe in that world where God is up in heaven. And he goes, someone's falling, order. And the order goes, God it. And God is up in heaven. And I picture the Burger King King. That's my God. You can have your God. I got my God. He's got the unmoving, smiling face, the crown, the wopper junior up there watching. Just like, you want to live? Have it your way. I want to believe in that so very badly. I spend most of my life believing in that variety of God. I know I still have some religion clacking around in my subconscious. You know, like when you shake a spray paint bottle and you just, that's what I have of religion still kicking around in there. I know that because I'm still afraid of raptures. Is anyone here afraid of raptures? I will make fun of you. Someone went, no. Do you say a little? Oh, Jesus. I heard a no from this. That would be a great time for the devil to hackle. Like, no. I feel like if you're not laughing, you're not picturing a red devil in a Carmen San Diego trench code with the fedora. Just like, no, continue your wicked ways, everyone. I'm afraid of raptures. I'm a grown man. I'm afraid of raptures. Remember a couple years ago, a couple people, like big group of people put up all those billboards that said the world was going to end Sunday at 6 o'clock? I'm the only person that was terrified by that. I got home on that Sunday, it was 4 o'clock and I remembered. And I was like, shit. Two hours. I don't even have time to watch fours come. What do you do? I was afraid the world was going to end by the Lord, you guys. So I didn't know what to do. I had to bottle a scotch that someone gave me as a gift. And I was like, listen to the thoughts of a rational man. I was like, if the world's going to end, I'm going to try this scotch first. And I did, it was great. That's a weird ad. Weird ad for bush mills. I was like, afraid the world's going to end by the Lord? Bush mills. So I drank the scotch. And the scotch worked. It made me forget that the world was going to end. And then I'm laying on the couch and now it's just another lazy Sunday. No, no, I'm not proud of this part of the story. But I was going. I'm a grown man. I'm not proud of this. Occasionally to recreate, I will take myself on a J-Date. Do you understand? I was going to take myself to dinner. I was about to begin. I'm not very sexy with myself. I'm like, you ready to begin? I'm like, yeah, begin. I want an H.J. from Lesbian, Val Kilmer. Get in there, girl. I was about to begin. And this is how I know I still have some religion. Click, click, and around back there. Because I looked up at the clock and it was 558. And I went, nice try, the devil. No fucking way. No way, am I going to have my ham and my sandwich when Jesus comes out of the fucking clouds on a flaming sheep. Just like, oh, what are you doing? I hope that feels like heaven, because you'll never know. Hosanna! Hosanna! Sorry. For some reason, I love to pretend that Jesus is tone deaf. And it never does in crack me up. I feel like if you're not laughing, you're not picture dying and going to heaven. And there's Jesus as you've always pictured him. And he's like, wow, come! Welcome to paradise! You want a fucking tell the king and kings? He can't carry a tune? No one wants to tell him. Go tell the prince a piece. He needs to work on his harmony. Blah! Playing the harp. Blah! He can do anything, just not much of an ear for music. Tone deaf, Jesus. Okay, the show's basically over. Oh, thanks, man. That was one of the best moments of my life. This is good, but it's hard to remember everything. I'm aware of the cameras. And there's this quiet moment. Weirdos are the best fucking fans in the world. I'm not just pandering. Listen to what just happened. It's silent, and I'm kind of like, okay, there's a couple things we could do. And then we'll do the last thing. And as I'm thinking about it, this gentleman right there, what's your name? Jonathan Flann. Of course it's John. We went to school together. Jesus. Fancy. He went to Gordon College, my weird Christian college. Now weird. It was weird. Now look at us. So in the middle of the show, Jonathan fucking flanders. He's looking good. You look like he lost some weight, kind of got it together. You know what I mean? You run into someone from college. You're like, why are you man now? That's what happened to Jonathan Flanners. It's dead silent. He just goes, this show is McDonald's. And then I turn. And as people I know from fucking college. This is like my order moment. I'm like, he is there, my God. I'm up here like, tone deaf. Jesus, blast for me. It's fun. Hey Pete, remember New Testament? Yes. Blast for me, it's fun. I like to mix up which Jesus I blaspheme. Mormon Jesus, that's a good one. He doesn't get enough. Fuck Mormon Jesus, like in traffic, it's fun. It's okay, I feel all your assholes tightening up in unison. No. Isn't that weird? It's like the only other time that happens is on an airplane. You know where there's a big bump? Everyone's asshole. That's the only response we have. Your body is pathetic. And it's like, we might die. We can't grow wings, tighten the asshole. That's the only time that happened. We could do it now. On three. No one will know if you do it or don't. This is just a treasure for you. And some of you, this is the only thing you'll remember. And in unison but clenched for no fucking reason. Other than we're living our lives and caching happy checks. Ready? One, you better do it. You're gonna get anywhere to go. I swear to fuck. Somehow I'll know, two. You're kind of getting ready. You didn't know you knew there was a way to get ready. Some of you kind of widened a little bit. Three. I did it. We did it. Good for you. I think it's weird that electric eels exist. Those are real. They're not like unicorns. They're real. Electric. Electric eels. Eels that have electricity in them are a real thing. They're swimming in the ocean. Currently. With currents. That's happening. That's insane. When's the last time you thought about that? Kind of garden? Someone just came up to you and was like, hey, electric eels are a thing. And you were just like, I believe you. I'm gonna file that under T for true. And never open the file. Imagine having that open of a mind. That would be like if you were at the aquarium tomorrow. And I just came up to you and I was like, hey, you know, seahorses transmit a Wi-Fi signal. Just immediately. You're like, what's the password? Magical. It's magical. It's working. Come on. He swam away. I also think it's weird that we have a berry called boys in berry. Boys in berry, guys. You know we name the berries. Human men and women get together and name berries. You don't just like lean into them real close and they whisper like, I am a strawberry. It's not how it works. We get together and we decide the names. And one of the names we decided on is boys in berry. Guys, there's a lot of people who are like, boys in berry. Guys, there's two varieties of berries that I'm aware of, regular and poison. We named one of the regular berries boys in berry. That is one sound away from a horrible camping accident. Just like, how is camping with dad? He thought I said boys in. We're orphans now. You can't add B to a word and have it be okay. Who wants band-thracks, berry pancakes, delicious, fresh band-thracks from the male? You guys want to hear my dirtiest joke? We're almost done. It's not even that dirty. It's just like a fun dad dirty joke. It's like we're in a barbecue and I'm like, come over here away from the ladies. This is my fresco. Come on. It's more of an idea. I'm terrified of getting a girl pregnant. I think it's crazy that that's something you can do. Guys, that's something you can do. Depending on how you choose your day, the events in your day, you can either eat an egg McMuffin or blow a baby up somebody. Are you listening to me? It's like a choose your own adventure. One page has a low-cost breakfast. The other there's a baby that's like, I'm yours forever. That's insane. That's what makes me think. I think one of the reasons why guys enjoy pornography is there's no way. Nobody's getting pregnant. Not only are you not involved, but the people in the video never get pregnant either. Because it's always like, come on my elbows. Come birds. Man. And I think in the back of your mind, .com was taken. In the back of your mind, you're like, that's hot and responsible. But that's crazy. Because the point of sex evolutionarily is to make a baby. But that never happens in pornography. That's crazy. That'd be like someone inviting someone over their house. You want to come over on Saturday and make a cake? I love making cake. Well, come over on Saturday. We'll make a cake together. I love it. I love that you call it cake day. See you Saturday for cake day. Thanks for thinking of me. And then they come over on Saturday. And you're like, you ready to make a cake? Yeah. You get a big bowl. You start mixing up the ingredients, the milk, and the eggs, and the cream. You whisk them up real nice. And then you get the last second instead of sliding it in there. You just throw it in their face. She's like, boom! Nobody's getting pregnant today. Look in the camera and say bang bros. Look in that camera. And say bang bros. Cupcake edition. Okay, let's head back over to the ladies. Let's go back to the party. You guys have been truly wonderful. This is the last thing I will say. Now I just leave. This will be the last thing I say. And I really. My favorite thing to talk about, we save it for the end. People always get mad about tell marketers. I don't understand why. Whenever I go home and we get a tell marketer during dinner or whatever, my dad will answer the phone and be like, God, stop! God, stop! Tell them, I'm trying to eat my corn. Hangs up so mad, vain and his neck. Guys, listen to me. Tell marketers are a gift from the Lord. Do you understand it's an opportunity for joy in your life. Listen to what I'm about to tell you. They can't hang out. Do you feel that? That's the feeling of your life getting better right now. If you don't swear or threaten them, it's their job to listen to whatever you have to say. What an opportunity. I do it all the time. This is a true story. I answered my phone. I saw on the caller ID that it was a tell marketer. I decided to have a little fun. Cash them happy checks. Live my life. I answered the phone and I went, hello! I feel some of you wanting that to be funnier. But this is a true story. And remember, no one was even there with me. I was like, this is going to be great. Hello! I was like, hi, is Peter Holmes there? I'm like, this is she. I'm in the bathtub. Scribbing up, dub. Scribbing up, dub. I'm downstairs. Say whatever you want. Should I swallow it? Press one! Anything you want. Because like, well, I'm calling from Chase Bank. I'm like, um! Money, money, money! To the money song for ten minutes, not a real song. Then I said the word diarrhea, 20 times in a row. Guys, I'm 33, the age of the Lord. I said diarrhea 20 times in a row. Never the same way twice. Just listening to a nose breath on the other end, waiting for his turn to speak. Finally, I run out of wind. I can't say diarrhea any longer. And the guy gets a chance to talk and he's like, well, Mrs. Holmes. I'm calling to let you know that your credit card has been stolen. This is a true story. What do you do? I couldn't stop the voice on a dime. I had to like, slowly work my way out of the voice over ten minutes. I was like, oh no! Did they buy anything? Expense over! What do we do? Do we put a hold on that account? Is that what we... Do we put a freeze on those funds? Thank you so much for the early alert chase. I cannot afford to have this happening right now. Thank you sincerely. Goodbye! I said thank you so much everybody! This was incredible! Thank you so much for being here. He's a crispy everybody. Thank you! Thank you very much. Good night! Thank you very much. Good night! Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Cum Music Music Yeah, appreciate you guys. Get that going for yourselves. Thank you for coming out tonight, man. It's going to be a dope night. Come on. Thank you so much, L.A. for coming out and taking a picture of me for your story. I know you fucking assholes are going to tune out for the next 59 minutes. I also appreciate you guys coming out to the show, because I know some of you is your first time watching stand-up, makes you noise for yourselves. It's going to be a hard show. You got to watch the same thing for 59 minutes. It's going to be very difficult. TikTok has fried everybody. You could tell it's in the way you laugh. No one laughs normal anymore. Everyone's just like, next. But that's it. You just wait. No one has standards anymore. I can do anything on this stage. I can start cooking in the middle of this set. You just look at that and be like, whoa, four eggs at once. That's bold. Look at you idiots cheering. You're going to cook? No, dude. That's your neurodivergence right there. That word's not slick to me. I know it's supposed to be nice, but you say neurodivergent enough times. He's like, yeah, that's the R word, man, at a point. I'm back on. I'm back on the R word. That's what I'm saying. I was clean for many years, but I'm using it again. Heavy, man. I don't know who's cheering, but thank you. I guess that first R word back, oh my god, that thing hit. Now I'm doing a pack of R word a day. Just crushing them, man. I'm not telling you because I'm about to do the comedian thing and be like, everyone should say it. I'm just telling you because I want to live in my truth. And I also need you to have my back if I slip publicly. If I let that go on national TV or something, I need you to go right to the comments. My boys on a relapse right now, just. He knows he's wrong. You can get healthy any time. Give him a break. In the last year and a half, those are the biggest differences with me now. I'm smoking R word and I'm married. That's about it. Ever since Alina and I got married, we always get like, we get a lot of questions about marriage. People think marriage is super difficult. People ask me all the time, what's different now? It's like, fuck, nothing. We've been together like 11 years. Nothing's different, dude. I did have to stop fisting or though. Why? It was because my ring had kept hitting her IUD. That solid gold on copper right there, that's when that shit touches I'm fucking the Wi-Fi signal, man. A lot of people don't appreciate just how genius the IUD is. Yeah, I mean, it's like the perfect shape to kill a kid. I think it's the fins. You know it works because God killed his son with one. Imagine the abortion of Jesus that's left on man. Imagine being 33 and your dad wakes up and he's like, I changed my mind about you. Then it brings a village of people to come kill you with stones and slingshots, man. You didn't know that. The first IUD was made of wood. A abortion got you bent. You ain't the hanger. Shut the fuck up. Yeah. I could say this for sure. I can confirm. Gen Z, you guys are the fuck them kids generation. Hands down. Yeah. I think Epstein had a similar idea. From the fuck them kids spectrum, you guys are on opposite sides. You took it more literally. You all fucking hate babies, man. I'm not judging you. I really think old people get mad about abortion because they didn't have that option. Some of y'all got a parent. They're very jealous. Who do you come through? You're like, no, we just fried the egg, man. We're not doing it. You're like, oh, don't fuck. I would've shot you yesterday. I fuck with it, man. Especially Plan B, love Plan B. I don't think a very bold thing to say is a dude because I can't take it. I guess I like it for a philosophical reason. Sometimes I get high and I get sad that I'm going to die. You know the vibe, dude. Just chief and make it go away. I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I get sad because I want to be in the future. I want to see flying cars and stuff like that. But then if I'm on the road and I walk past Plan B and a CVS, I'm reminded, I'm not the future now, man. It's pretty modern living, right? Especially for a lady, if you just wake up and you just recall last night, you're like, oh, fuck, no. Let me go handle business, yeah. You take $50 out of his wallet. That's not a dig. He owes you that. Yeah. Then you take your ass to CVS and you're like, all right. You walk two steps and you go, fuck it, twix, too. Let me treat myself. Plus I think if you take Plan B, you deserve credit. You definitely deserve some respect. All people always sit on the young generation, right? Especially now, it's like, ah, this generation solved. It's like not really. There's some girls in here with more confirmed kills on paper than some Marines, okay? You see motherfuckers standing outside Costco in an army uniform? If you take your Plan B, you walk right up to them, look them in the eyes, but you ever killed a kid before a motherfucker? A stolen valor. Take that shit off, man. Obama used drones to do what I did, you know? You know, it's you taking Plan B. Thank you for your service, you know? Yeah. It's always at this point in the show of the vibes, which is, I have you looking at me crazy, you know, damn, Rose, nothing like your YouTube channel. Yeah, you paid already. I could say what I want now. Nah, she's doing the right thing. She's laughing. Like a normal person. The rest of you just glazed over to me. I took a flight recently that kind of changed my view on 9-11. Hey, look. I was supposed to go to Australia, right? Then my flight got canceled. And then United made me pay $17,000 for a new flight. Yeah, right at that moment. All I could think was, I could blow a fucking plane up. I was just our aspire-line at the gate, you know? I just think it wasn't Bush or was it just like six brown dudes? Yeah, they got their flight canceled. They were in Chattanooga, Tennessee. To the gate, the gate agent was like, sorry, boys, you have to hang out here another night. They were like, oh. Tomorrow? We ride a dawn. I started thinking about 9-11, like a petty crime. I fucking, let's take two of these things, bro. One for each night we had to be here extra. And they took them up in the sky and they went, whoa. What do we do now? I was like, oh, let's go to New York. The first one hits the first tower on accident. The other guys are just kind of dumb. They're like, whoa, fuck it. Hit the other one. It's crazy because even, you know. No, no, no, you don't know what I'm about to say. You don't know what I'm about to say. Was wild as I say this, I know 9-11 is a distant concept to a lot of you. You don't really know 9-11 as 9-11. You know it as just like a random, you're just scrolling Twitter and you just saw like vids that go hard. It's just some shit you've seen in between only fans' promotions. I'm sure a lot of you know, but just in case you don't. The big thing about 9-11 was everyone thought, bush did it. I've thought a lot about this. And at this point, I wonder, you know, if Bush did it, why didn't he do the American thing and hit JFK? Alright, some of you failed high school. Let me explain it. So there's this airport in New York and it's named after this president, John F. Kennedy, JFK for short. And some bad shit happened to him. This guy Lee Harvey Oswald, aimed at gun and shot a fucking airplane through JFK's head. You felt the neurodivergence right there? How'd they get the airplane and the gun? They did and it's a joke, you fucking reek. All the gamers got blue balls right there. So look at my boy say the R word man, let it rip, let it rip. Sick when my boy say the R word dude. You know, his wild to me man is I can look into this crowd and I know exactly who's here. Like two at T, you know? You know, a lot of you've been watching me a long time. Oh. I was there when your parents were starting their divorce. You put your headphones in. Mommy and daddy are getting loud again. Just me and your phone. It's your boy. Now you're all grown up and suicidal, you know? Some of you dragged your boyfriends here. You're excited to the boyfriends I got dragged to this show. Appreciate you guys. We got a unique relationship, don't we fellas? Yeah, you just know me as the voice that you have sex to sometimes. They're all Pavlov, I'm telling you. The longer I talk, the harder they're gonna get. You know? It'll be 20 minutes into this show. There's gonna be like, babe, I'm gonna fucking pass out. I do not have enough penis for all this blood dude. Shout out to my lesbians, I know you're here. Yeah, the rest of you have to understand, I have an army of lesbians. Worldwide, man. Serious. Anywhere I pull up. Hurrah! They're gonna show up, you know? At this point, I think Lesbians still like me because we dress the same. Right? Right? Yeah. I mean, I was walking around New York, breaking lesbians next to you. I walk by Lesbian and I know she liked my pants. They always start with the pants. But then I know there's like a point they're probably checking me out. Cause, you know, I don't stand next to Alina. From the back, you could definitely be convinced. Then I just turn around and ruin the fantasy. Like, what's up? They're like, oh, that's a dude. I've learned a lot about lesbians. Just by proximity. I've learned as you guys get older, the top drawer and your dresser looks more and more like a gun owner's garage. You know, primary sidearm. Several attachments. Well, some lesbians have sex. It's just a scene out of the Kingsman, you know? Lesbians, you guys have a very incorrect concept of average. When you ask a lesbian her dick size, they start with the outside width of their chest. They don't even know the number. They're always just like, oh, like, saddened, you know? Even as I say that, all the dudes in here shrunk a little bit. Yeah. Seven. I don't think that she's fair. Lesbians get to skip that whole part with their penis where they have to like look in the mirror and love themselves. I feel like some of my guys in here that hit you on the way out tonight, you know? Walked out the shower, caught a glimpse of your nuts again and just... You're a good dude, man. You deserve love. And you turned left and you remember your eye level with the towel rack? Yeah. As horrible. There's nothing more emasculating. They're pulling a towel off at chest level. You feel like a baby, man. It's terrible. I don't want to get up here and make it seem like I have a problem with lesbians having huge cocks. I'm a little jealous. Sometimes I think we should... Really, I think we should take bill those out of the free market if... I'll be in honest. Like if I was president, you know, my first 100 days, you'd be grandfathered in. There'd be a grace period, you know? So there'd be 100 days where the lesbians could like do a run on sex shops, you know? They'd be running in there like... Give me 14 of the biggest ones, I need all of them. They won't take them away from us, you know? But then on day 101, the government would collect all the remaining bill those. And it would turn into a government-issued lottery system. You know? Which means, you know, a couple things, a couple negative things. One, you're gonna have to come out the closet at like 12. Because the waiting list is gonna be super long. But I think it'd do something special. I think it would make the experience of male puberty it'd be shared, you know? Because then like young straight dudes and lesbians, we'd all be in the huddle, you know? I wonder how big our penises are gonna be, you know? You know, so that lesbian would be waiting six, eight years, just waiting, waiting, waiting. They'd blow the candles out on his 18th birthday. The family's hype, hey, your penis might come this year. You'd be really praying to God, oh, I hope it's big, I hope it's big, I hope it's big. Then one day, you know, a lesbian will go to her front door. Yo, is somebody ordering umbrella? Holy fuck. Let's fucking go dude, yeah! Well, either that or... They're gonna go to the mailbox. Then you would have the sad task of learning how to be funny. You know the craziest thing I've seen a lesbian do at a show? I was in Tampa, Florida, it was a comedy club. Yeah? There's your parole officer, no, you're here. Check this bitch's ankles. I'm in Tampa, Florida. And comedy clubs not very big, you know, it's like maybe, it's like a little section right here. And so I shout out to the room and I go, yeah, where am I lesbian, is that? One of them stands up. Just like that, she lifts her hand up. And she just starts waving it. And screaming, like a banshee, just... I'm looking at her hand, I'm kind of bugged out, I'm wondering, what the fuck are you doing? Then my eyes kind of focus, I'm able to kind of peer and I realize what she's trying to signal to me. She had three acrylics. You can't see it, there's this virgin in the front row asking what that means. Let me explain it to you brother. So basically, you see this right here? This is what they did at JFK. They figured it was brain. I was watching this cartel video the other week. I'm watching this cartel video and I'm thinking to myself, we never think about this the other way around. Like you know, a cartel leader's probably seen a toy review video. He's got some trash bags in a shower, but the JFK some dude in the head. Here comes his son running in the room. We're kind of at a weird point in time, man. We're at a point where no one is going to get caught looking at porn in the living room. You felt that? Like who makes some noise if you grow up with a family computer? There's not many of us left, man. Like who up here? Never a family computer. Anyone? Right there, bro. How old are you, man? 18. 18. This is an alien as far as I'm concerned, man. He's like never that, you know. Never caught jerk in on the family computer. So what, you always have the internet between your hands? Ipad, baby. Like I don't think you're dumb. I think you understand the words family computer. But like you don't understand like the psychological, you know, like the terror of your back facing the room. The whole time you're on that thing, man. Like you never jerked off barefoot on linoleon. It's trying to feel the door opening, you know. Somebody walked through that motherfucker. I'm out of here, you know. He's never gone through this right here. What the fuck are you doing? I was playing Neopads. I don't know what that is. You're like, you're dead. You're dead. I was like, pull your shirt up. If you're a young woman, you know, why were you sitting on the computer chair arm like that? You slide off, um. It was a horse game. I was playing a horse game. You're talking to some old guy on club penguin the whole time. As soon as you got caught jerkin on the family computer, it just erased everything you knew. You're a whole new person at that point. You're like, ah, life is a privilege. Took years to erase that feeling. For many decades, a lot of us were horny and afraid. Never just horny, you know. You can't trust that with now. I bet a lot of young dudes in here, you probably woke up today. 11 a.m. Reached over to your bedside table. Oh, fuck it, man. Poor and hugged. You don't even appreciate noise-canceling headphones, do you? In the family computer world, we had computer speakers. You never turned those on, man. Porn for us was silent movies, okay? That's why dudes in their 30s can mone like women so well. The whole time we were watching porn, we were just doing voice acting, you know. Ah, fuck you. Reaching out to some strange lady through the glass, you know. I can hear you. I know you sound beautiful. You motherfuckers, you just. You never even thought about what's going on there, man. You never thought about how the atmosphere of the room is so still, your mind is so focused. And you contrast that with the violence that's happening on your phone. Oh, fuck. Oh, my God. I'm like, what are you doing? What are you doing? I'm getting out. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. If I jerk it off with your dick facing the door, unlocked, you're so entitled, man. You're not just the young dudes, you know, it's the women too, but at least when women do it, it's cooler. Yeah, when women masturbate, it looks like a samurai committing suicide. You guys pull your wand out of that velvet case, you know. Oh, fuck. I'm a disgrace to my family. I'm standing in a puddle of your own pee or whatever. That's a war veteran, two units away from your apartment. His hearing aids are picking up the frequency from your vibrator. Is he trying to make a sandwich and in the ether is just... Oh, my God. The Japanese have come back. Here's the difference between, sorry, generationally. If someone walked in on... That dude with like the door would open and they just go, yo, get the fuck outta here. You'd be yelling at the person like, guys, my body, you get that fuck out. But on the family computer, when you got caught looking at porn, you're apparently going to be fucking scared. with like the door would open and they just go, yo get the fuck outta here! You be yelling at the person like, I'm my body, get the fuck out. But on the family computer, when you got caught looking at porn, your parent was sit down next to you. And there might be some girls kissing on the computer screen, and they'd look at you and go, show me where you got this. And delete it. Now you're dragging porn out of the family photo folder. Just horny as hell next to your parent. You're like, do we have to do this together? They're just sitting there like, yeah, put in the recycle bin. I want to see it. I just feel that that's the reason a lot of you will get robbed, scammed. That shit gonna happen to you because you don't have that paranoia. You know? You missed out on that crucial life lesson. That's why I keep saying to Alina, if we have a kid, we're not gonna give it a phone. We're gonna, yeah. We're bringing back the family computer. We're gonna raise them right. And we're not gonna raise it in our LA home. No. We get a kid? Get a kid. Now you never know, I might draft, you know. A lot of prospects out of Korea, Africa. I mean, they're all over, man. My fuck around has signed a 17 year old, you know? I mean, you got one year, otherwise a team, you know, not a kid. But if we, you know, if we get the kid. I'll say that. If we have a child, we're gonna raise it in a 1,000 square foot apartment. Paper, thin walls, yeah. And in the middle of the living room, $50,000 gaming PC. Right where the carpet hits the linoleum, just split that center line. Just to see if my kid has the gall. The fucking entitlement that I would come home to the apartment that I pay rent on. And catch my child, just strapped into a VR headset, doing what it pleases, you know. I'd run across my apartment so fast and smack my kid at the back of the head. Boom! It'd be horny, its ears are ringing. Oh, what's happening? I get in its face. You motherfucker, you don't pay rent here. Don't jack off in my living room. You know, I'm trying to start the trauma, you know. I pick up the VR headset, put it on, and be like, show me where you got this and delete it. I might even get a little hard just to freak it out, you know. I'm gonna do that because I think, well, my thinking is if I do that, I'll give it the same paranoia that I had, you know. Might make it make better decisions. Now fast forward, my kid's in a movie theater with its future partner. His partner looks at it in the theater and goes, yo. I wonder if there's a freaky shit in here. My kid will know. My kid will look at his partner and go, uh-uh-uh. My dad might be here, you know. I imagine I do all that and I just give my kid a really weird kink. A horny is hell. Oh no, I hope daddy's not coming, you know. Don't fuck, I'm not the priest kid calm down. Oh, what, we got some proud Catholics in here? We got some Filipinos in here. Catholic church, 500,000. Little boy is zero. I grew up Catholic, I could shit on it, you know. You know, it's funny about the Catholic church. Fun little, you know, when priests make a mistake. You know when they have a little oopsie. And they calm on some kid's face. Calm on some death kid's face. And they go, don't tell your parents, oh wait. Well that's my stuff, that's my stuff. Not relax, I'm not trying to get out of what I just said. I know, I just said I would punch my kid while it's jerking off in my living room. I'm kidding, I'm not gonna do that, you know. I'm joking. I'm not gonna punch my kid while it's jerking off his side. I'm definitely, you know, I'm not judging you for jerking off crazy. Because I grew up in the chat room era, I have no room to judge. Chat room era was a time, wasn't it fellas? Am I boys now? In the real world, we are 11 year old boys. But online. 18. I was an 18 year old female. Yeah, and I'd have cyber sex with other 18 year old females. That were probably 11 year old boys. Me and some kids, Zach, just type in fan fiction to each other. Yeah, and then I suck your clip. Then I had the nerve to go to school and call other kids gay. Projecting hard as hell. No, your gay is f**k. Those were my formative years. Fingering people over keyboards. Digitally fingering people. And then just getting an argument with my mother, you know. She's a tough woman, man. Growing up with her was just like living in an Xbox lobby for 20 years. Kill yourself pussy! Well, some of you can't relate. Some of you are looking to be crazy. What moms don't say that? Yeah, they do. Come on, LA, I know you've done the CPS Huttelok before. Hey, the CPS Huttelok is, man. CPS has such a strong way of bringing a family together. You know, your family's having a WWF match in the living room. Oldest sibling about to go through a table. Here comes the youngest sibling. Hank, guys, I called the cops. Bro, you have no idea what you just did. We're all going down for this. Now your family's in the Huttel. What's the story? What's our story? All five of you are standing in front of a government agent. Oldest child has a black eye. Yeah, he fell down the stairs. Your mom's got a cold bag of peas on her nubbles. I tried to catch him. CPS agent knows you're full of shit. All right, so all five of you are corroborating that this child fell down the stairs in this one story home. Yeah, clever kid, really smart. My mom was tricky, you know. Sometimes chase the kids with a knife. She's like, you like Michael Jackson, right? And, you know, if I could, you know, give her some defense. I did puberty kind of weird. You know, I didn't really grow, but I pretty much got a regular person voice at like 11. I'm not exaggerating. I sounded pretty close to this at 11 or 12. Which changes things, you know. My mom might be chasing me around, you know, the kitchen island saying something mean, I wish you wanted my kid. Which I don't understand. I'm on the other side of that knife with my regular voice, you know, bro, stop. You're hurting my feelings, chill out. She thought she was attacking a grown man. My voice is big enough that they could just send me to talk to CPS on my own. CPS at the door, I open up my head by the door knob. Yeah, we're good. You can bounce. Agent Duffy is confused. Are you the father? My voice reminds of my dad's head, you know. Nice guy, but he kind of space out a lot. And I think, you know, in those times, he'd always mutter to himself about just life. And I could always extract information out of him. Because for those first 30 seconds, I think he thought I was just some dude, you know. One time he took me to school, stressed the fuck out. Like just... Oh, this fucking housing market. I'm just in the back. For sure, what's a housing market? Oh, housing market... is determined by a lot of factors, particularly market. Oh fuck. Oh. Oh no, wow. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. You buy a house. Uh, you have to take out a loan. In the loan, put you in something called debt. And that means you owe the bank a lot of money. I mean, fuck ton of debt and all that stuff. Fuckin' debt. I mean so much debt. Now let's do it's crime. In front of my junior high. Because I asked him a very adult question with a very adult sound and voice. But I'm 11. So I look at him and I ask him the only thing I was thinking in that moment. I look him right in his ear lobe. Oh, so is that why you drive a square car? I don't know what a mortgage is, bro. But everyone keeps making fun of me in there. Because you got a square car. I went to school mad that day, man. All I could think was my parents are dumb. And broke? Fuck! Pissed, dude. I went to science class, which is 1,000 yards there. This rabid kid came running up to me super hype. No, well, no, well, no, well. Tell me you've seen a new Jackass movie, bro. Tell me you've seen it. Tell me you've seen it. I'm just looking through him while he dances around. Not man, I haven't. Hey, real quick. You know what that is? It's been changed me forever as a kid. That was the weird part about the housing crisis. You were like 14, but you knew your parents money. It was really weird. The older I got, the more frustrated I would be. All I could think was, fuck, my family's so dumb. Mostly because at times, we felt more like roommates than we did family. I'm just trying to study Mesopotamia. And here goes the couple from Unit 3. I'm trying to study, and then here comes the old boy. Dude, this bitch is pissing me off, man. Always, he had been about the mortgage and shit. It's like, shut up, dude. Bro, I need you to do me a favor. I need you to go in that room and fucking talk some sense into her. Can you do that for me? My dad would ask me this. And I'd be looking at him with my 4-11 body, propped up with my computer chair. But what do you want me to say? And I puff up my chest and I go down on my father's behalf. I get into it. And you have to understand how bold this was because my mother, tough at times. She had a couple phrases that she pull out when shit got real. That was kill yourself and stop crying. Which I always kind of found to be redundant. I puff up my chest, I go down that hallway. I'm just counting on that door. Super confident for an 11-year-old. Yo, your boy says you're being a fucking bitch right now. That's when things went crazy. That's when it really went off the rails. The door of fly-open, my mother's seeing red. Shut up, no, I'll cut you with a knife. I'll cut him too. I'll kill you both. I just look back at her confused. I'm just a fuck bitch, I'm sad now. Dude, you said I'm not allowed to cry and I'm definitely not killing myself. So what do you want me to do? I gotta get my dad's incredible. You know, if you try to break up the trauma, I put him in Christian dance classes. We don't even Christian. But it's by the way, I don't know if you ever been selected for Front Row and a Dance Group, but when you up there dancing to Jesus is the lamb. And you're competing with a gay Christian kid in the closet. That's pressure. He is lightening it up over there. You gotta be on your toes like damn. Sasha and his city kid. You're just looking back at me like pick it up pussy. I'm like I'm trying, bro, I'm trying. I remember when I was like, you know, I was like 20. And Bank of America came to take our house. Shut up, I wasn't even sad, man. The cops came, I'm like bro, took you long enough, get us out of here dude. They're broke, they have no idea what they're doing in there. I just watched them argue about money and I'd be so mad like, y'all are some fucking broke boys dude. I remember about 20, I kind of looked at my parents and said, if neither of you will get the bag here, I guess I will. Yeah. Money's cool. Money is a, money's an interesting thing dude. There's clearly a level, like, this thing that freaks me out about money. There's clearly a level in a bank account where once you cross it, you're very confidently messing around with little kids. What? What, I'm saying something crazy up here? Don't do this to me. All Jared had to do was promote subway. That's all he had to do. Our Kelly had hits, he could have left it right there. Right there man. But both of them dudes got the bag and they said, now it's time to do what I love. Sometimes I spin out on this mentally, you know. I'm like, is that why they don't pay teachers a lot of money? Gotta keep them honest. We let one teacher get rich and he fucked it up for everybody man. Bought that island and it was all downhill from there. Oh shut the fuck up. None of you care about Epstein or anything that happened on that island. Stop playing me. I know you don't because when that Netflix documentary came out, I know a lot of you watched that and you had the nerve to take an edible before pressing play. Those women on your TV, given that horrible testimony, and then he made him give me a massage. Oh, damn, fuck the... Bro, you would have been more mad if they said he was kicking dogs on that island. I really believe that. I think if CNN had a headline, that free Epstein has dog kicking island. Yeah, yeah. Everyone who shops organic would have been on the South of Florida building canoes, you know, crossing the ocean with physical power. Mr. Epstein, we're coming for you. You bad, bad man. Does he hit the beach on that island like D-Day? Give us the fucking dogs. Some Asian teenagers would have ran down the beach. Oh no, it's the Nike factory. Whoops. Some people here with some new Air Force ones. Oh, man. I know what I just said. I don't make enough money to fuck a kid. I don't. I actually reason that I'm still like a real person, because I still think about killing myself. I think it's a human thought. I think that is a feeling that binds us all. That's what makes us all. You know, this is that feeling. Like you just look out at the beach and you think, I could just never go to work again. I genuinely believe this. I think something that is extremely healthy for your mental health is a Honda Civic. Maybe not like specifically a Honda Civic, but just a shitty car. Because you know if you wake up with dark thoughts and you climb into a shitty car, you may have got up that morning thinking today's the day. But then when you drive something where you feel the road the whole time, that makes you're like, oh, fucking not like this, man. Get me to work. Get me to work. Trying to stop a Honda Civic with some hot brakes on the freeway. That should have made you want to be alive. Quick. I really think a shitty car and work friends basically a retail job. That's good. If you've ever had a retail job, that's the most humble you're ever going to be. Because the other thing is when you have a retail job, again, you might wake up if you're like, today's the day. But then you kind of check out for a second and you go, nah, let me not do that. Because if I do that, Nick's going to have to cover my shift. I'm a fuck up Lawrence vacation. That's not cool. If I'm going to do it, let me be an adult, let me take PTO. Well then your PTO balance is jack shit. So you're like, I can't even fucking kill myself. I don't have an PTO. So you just live in life. You got to figure it out, which I think is a good place to be. I miss my Civic for that reason sometimes. I'm still on the pandemic commute. Bedroom to the office. Which is a treacherous, you know, is getting up every morning looking in the mirror, Kurt Cobain on the other side. I'm not exaggerating. I have those days. I get up. I'm just looking at me. Looking down the barrel of the gun mentally. I got a shake that shit off and just get in front of the camera and start talking. Who? Invest in your best asset. Yourself. Online therapy might be for you. That's when I really want to kill myself, man. Look how you fucking sell out. It was wrong with you. God. Look, I know it's tough topic. But I do think I have the funniest way to do it. Alright, let me try. Okay. Okay, look, imagine I put a video on the internet. And it opens on a frame and it's just me holding a piece of paper that says, Hey, man, I love you, but I'm out. No, but wait. Before you can think too hard, the camera zooms out and it reveals me standing at the top of a... ...of a thousand stairs. Little finish line painted at the bottom. Couple monster flags every 20 steps. Before you can think the camera zooms back in, I'm butt-ass naked. I just wink at you. Some of you have a sense of humor. You start chocolate. The rest of you are doing what you do now. You know, just out, man, that's fucked up. And it is exactly at that moment. I would cut to the GoPro footage. I break you. I break you. One minute in. I think he mown right there. Ah! Like, group chat. Deep this shit. Look, man, obligatory disclaimer. If you have those failings, don't do it. You can't say that more than once. It's patronizing after that. Come on, bro, don't do it. Bro, stop. Not serious, don't. I'm not done with you. You're gonna die anyway. I was a little fuck around, find out. I think we are convinced that we're these complex creatures and we're not. Humans, we're very easily amused. It just takes one good experience to make our whole personality. There's one. You might get some head next year. That memory will carry you to 67. That story will be your set in every social interaction. You know I got some head ones. You just think about it. I'm serious. If you have a parent, face time them tonight. Hey, bro, what's the best head you ever got? You blow some dust off the back of their brain. That's my positive message for the night. Don't give up, get some head first. It's good to see you guys enjoying yourselves. Sometimes I look at 18 right here. I was 18, I don't know if I could just enjoy myself like that. You know, you said they're just cheese and just add. I was 18 in college, I had those days. I'm the headest fuck. My college didn't help. I was in the business program. I was a moron. Yeah, with my fellow business majors. Stupid people at unite. My college was crazy because I won. I won side of the spectrum. I'd have people 50 years old. You know, look at me in a communications class freaking me out. Don't make the mistakes that I made. Ah! It's just the fuck up on 19. On the other half it was people my age, you know, coming to school and $70,000 cars. Bro, we have a quiz today. Fuck, I forgot my Adderall. This is fucked. I'm gonna fail. I can't believe how many study groups I was in with, you know, people were supposed to be legal adults. Almost crying to me. You know, library study room about a, you know, do your Asian or some shit, right? Like you can help me. You can help me on this quiz, right? My dad said if I don't graduate this year, I'm not gonna get to work for a construction company. I'm really scared. Promise you're gonna help me. I looked these people in their soul. And I would just snap, you know. Shut the fuck up, pussy. Stop crying. Fuckin' kill yourself. Hey, oh, L.A. Thank you so much for coming out, man. Wow, it took high. That's what you crazy, man. You crazy. I appreciate you. You're crazy, man. Thank you so much for coming out, man. I wanna see you again. Let's do it again. Have a good night. I love you. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy.
I got to do some international shows this year. I performed in Japan for the first time, which was amazing. I mean, I wasn't in Japan just for stand-up. I was also modeling. I wish that wasn't that funny. But Japan, the Japanese are just, they're better of being human. Can we admit that? They're more polite. They're better at design. The Japanese toilet? Are you familiar with the Japanese toilet? The Japanese took the most disgusting experience of human existence and fixed it. The Japanese toilet washes you, dries you, does your taxes. And that is in a Tokyo airport bathroom. You leave a Japanese public restroom cleaner than when you walked in. You leave an American public restroom with PTSD. It's good to be here in New York. I love this city. I, uh, it's great city. I have lived here 10 years. I am originally from Indiana. And I know what most of you are thinking. Indiana, mafia. The fact of the matter is, where I grew up, there was something very similar to the mafia, 4-H. You're a mess. It's never kind of pride where I'm from. You know, it's not like, we're from New York, what tough? We're from Texas. We like things big. It's more like, we're from Indiana and we're going to move. I'm going to have a year. Been a crazy year for me, crazy year. I don't know if you know in April, it was discovered my wife had a brain tumor. I'm not even making this up. It was removed. She's great. Everything's good. Thank you. I didn't remove it. I was in the other room, soiling myself. But the tumor is gone, along with my ability to ever win another argument. It's not like I was winning a lot before, but now I'm retired. And luckily, my wife's not the time to bring it up. Well, once she did, she was like, you know, I did have brain surgery. And I couldn't be like, yeah, that was like a month ago. It's time to move on. What about my seasonal allergies? We all have our cross to bear. It was crazy. You know, the surgeon told me the tumor was the size of a pair, which is scary, but also confusing. I was like, did he go to med school or a farmer's market? But tumors are often compared to fruit. A pair, a lemon, a great fruit, interesting fact, worst tumor, great fruit. Worst fruit, great fruit. LAUGHTER When you think about a great fruit looks more like a tumor than a fruit, I must feel sorry for great fruit. Yeah, we can't win. Well, ready, the worst fruit. Now we're compared to the worst tumor. Well, at least we help old people poop. That is the worst impression of a great fruit ever. People with glasses here, I trust people with glasses, don't you? It's like, well, that's kin. This guy's glasses. But if you're wearing your glasses like this, get away from him. Did you ever take directions from something that looks like this? LAUGHTER Where you got to go? 44th Street. Well, why don't we take my spaceship? I have to pick up Santa Claus anyway. LAUGHTER The only advantage of wearing glasses is you can do that dramatic removal. You ever see that? My God. LAUGHTER Holy mother of God. I can't see a thing. I am absolutely blind with that face. It's probably why I wear a... You ever notice when people are thinking in movies they're always chewing on the end of their glasses? If we give the alien a cord, you know what they're really thinking? It's taste like wax. I mean, sharing a meal with someone that's intimacy. That's why it was called the last supper and not the last meeting. Jesus was trying to get 12 other guys together. You know, there had to be food there. You know, like, you know, Jesus was like, tomorrow night I want to get everyone together. You know, there was one apostle like, Is there going to be food there? LAUGHTER Yes, there will be food. Are we talking appetizers around you? It'll be a supper. So casual, I can wear a robe. You can wear a robe. I'll wear a robe if you wear a robe. Jesus, he was in good shape, right? Jesus was an amazing shape, especially considering he could multiply bread whenever he wanted. Just like, boom, pretzel bread. You know? The Bible doesn't really specify what type of bread it was. Imagine it was pretzel bread, right? He's like, boom, pretzel bread, boom, garlic knots. Like, if right now I multiply garlic knots up here, you guys will be like, maybe he's God. I know religion jokes make some people uncomfortable, especially the ones going to hell. You ever get a phone call? That's annoying, right? You better be calling to tell me your hands are chopped off. It's like, I just wanted to hear your voice, Daddy. Buy my CD, right? I'm mostly healthy. I worked out today. I know I don't need to. When I'm home in New York City, I work out at the Chinatown YMCA. And I realize when people hear the Chinatown YMCA, they think, oh, that's not like a serious place to work out. And it's not. It's not at all. It's mostly little kids learning how to swim and really old Chinese people with their parents. I didn't even know you could live to that age. But I tell you, watching a 90-year-old on an elliptical really inspires me to die in my 70s. It looks like a machine is eating someone's grandma. But I love my Y. You know, it's different from a normal health club. There's never moments when you think, oh, my gosh. Look at how much weight that guy's lifting. It's more like, oh, my gosh, that guy's smoking on a treadmill and dress pants. It's very business casual. Sure, my Y doesn't have some of the amenities, but it also doesn't have the normal health club distractions. I don't have to deal with loud music or people that are in shape. I walk around my Y, and I'm like, you know what? I'm doing OK. Maybe I should teach a class. I welcome to advanced elliptical. It doesn't matter if you don't have workout clothes on. We're not going to be raising our heart rate. So let's step on, pick a show, and think about what we're going to eat. OK. Who's having a burger? Huh? Let's practice eating frosts. I'm ignored at my Y. I'm ignored at all health clubs. Like when I walk into a fitness area, even in a hotel, people always look at me like, I didn't know they serve food here. The only people that approach me are personal trainers. They're like, you looking for a personal trainer? No. You should be. So I've gone to the point if I'm approached by a personal trainer. I just act like they're hitting on me. They're like, hey, how you doing? I'm married. I don't think you understand. I understand perfectly. You want to get with me. But I'm taken. So you can look, but no touching. I love watching movies. You have a random movie that was released a while ago, and you enjoy it, but there's kind of that awkwardness because you can't talk about it with anyone. Like, hey, I just saw he... He saw that six years ago. I want to talk about it now. No loser. You ever talk about a movie with someone that read the book? They're always so kind of said. Yeah, the book was much better than I would have been. Oh, really? Would I enjoy it about the movie? No reading. Well, he took two hours, and then I could take a nap. I'm too lazy. You ever read an article, and at the bottom, it says, continued on page six? Like, not for me. I'm done. Why don't you stop bossing me around? Then I finally get to page six. I can't even remember what I was reading. You ever read the ending to a different article? How Gore is running from a waterfall? You ever read a book that changed your life? Meaning either. I don't have the attention. But every now and then I'll read a book. I'll be so proud of myself. I'll try and squeeze it into conversation. People say, hey, Jim, I read a book. 250 pages. That's great. What was it about? No idea. It took me two years. You ever buy a book and not read it? You feel almost guilty having it on a bookshelf, don't you? People were like, hey, how is that book? I haven't read it. Did you just buy it? I've had it since high school. Well, can I borrow it? No. I do enjoy traveling to other countries, seeing how different, but essentially similar we all are. Like, the UK is not that different from the US. If anything, you go over there, and it seems like British people are trying to be different from Americans. They're like, oh, you drive on the right side of the road. Then we're going to drive on the left side of the road. Oh, you call your mother, mom? Then we're going to call her mum. Oh, you call that a cookie, then we're not going to the dentist. I know that's cheap. I didn't notice something when I was over there. British people, they don't say the before hospital. You ever notice that? They're like, hospital? I was feeling not good, so I went to hospital. Whenever they would do that, I'd say, stop there. That's wrong and weird. Are you trying to sound like a polite caveman? And I had a friend from London. He was like, what makes you think you're doing it properly? And I go, because I'm American, and we invented the English language. It was a pet peeve of mine, so I did some research. You know why British people don't say that before hospital? Because they're dex. I know that sounds harsh, but admitted, British people always talk to Americans like we just walked into their jewelry store with two full bags of garbage. Man, I love you. Are you lost? Obviously, I love the breads. And I would never do those jokes there. I have been lucky enough to perform in the UK a couple times. And one time I was walking through Piccadilly Circus, which for the record is a horrible circus. There's no animals. And no, I was walking through Piccadilly Circus, and I saw they had an M&M store. And I looked at that M&M store. It just made me think of all the things the British have given the Americans. Our language shakes beer with a magna card. And I looked at the M&M store, and I thought, now we're even. When I looked at the M&M store, I wasn't even embarrassed to be American. I was just shamed to be human. Because as anyone at any point in their life thought, when are they going to open an M&M store? Sure, I can buy M&M's absolutely anywhere. But I like to buy and bulk in a pro M&M environment.
Before COVID, I was on a plane sitting next to a really old man and I had my notebook out and he leans over and goes It's nice to see somebody writing and not on their phone And I was like oh he doesn't know I'm writing jokes about come Like suddenly candy crushes it seems so bad no window Oh Feels kind of weird to start over in my 30s, but at least I know now what I like and don't like in a relationship For example, I don't care how hot you are. I'm not gonna eat your ass Not a fan of the devil's chocolate And I don't want you to eat mine either Women have a lot of holes down there. It's like a mini golf course Just skip the one that's in a lagoon I never wanted to do that most of you dudes have real blue collar assholes I don't want a lot of maintenance going on That thing works at lows Unless you're like a male stripper it's usually not a great situation back there. It's like the crack between two couch cushions I'm just goldfish crapper Part of a broken Christmas ornament It's a choking hazard frankly I'm not gonna swallow a paper clip so you can come anyway And That is the joke I wrote that sealed man on the plate Now you know Went to an idea didn't want to be to do it so badly. He was like come on just lick it like make it a presentable meal Oh That's sprinkle some parsley back there light again You would never invite someone over for dinner. You're like hope you don't mind. I've actually never cleaned the place I'm into your 37 years Sorry, it smells like shit This is a one star on yelp situation I'm Gordon Ramsay wouldn't hate your anus just Disguise it
Ladies and gentlemen boys and girls kids of all ages it's time for the big show Please give a nice huge round of applause for the man of the night's Sorry, I'm a big German football, but I don't know where that guy's been Oh You know when the pandemic first hit a friend of mine always makes fun of me is like oh Graham you germaphob you must be freaking out I was like no, this is our finest moment So nice to be here. Thank you a Chicago for coming out tonight That'd be our performer again, you know, it's been a crazy. It's been a crazy couple years COVID I think right, you know, we all went a little nuts during COVID. We all went a little nuts It's okay. We some people went more nuts than others You know heard some crazy shit like masks don't work Really all right have your dentist cough into your mouth Put yourself a freedom flu, you know what I mean that'll be fun Last year in the vaccine came out there's a lot of debate over which is good But we should you know have questions about the vaccine. I get it, you know But I say all these comedians that I've known for years on social media like I'm not putting that into my body I worked with you in Vegas in the 90s. I Saw you to blow off a stripper's ass, okay? You can handle a little Moderna. You know what I'm saying? We have a comedy club pizza. Yeah, you can handle Trust me It's what I do to see how things change, you know Remember when it first hit America everybody was working together remember oh we got to protect the most vulnerable You know and thank you front line workers and we all banged our pots and pans at eight o'clock for the medical staff remember that I was like oh that lasted three months I'm reminded of World War two where the Nazis bombed England every day for three years and The British every day like air raid sirens like just hellfire from above Everyday the Brits are just like stiff hop a lamp carry on America's like I can't get a haircut I Learned a lot, you know, especially when the shutdown first happened I'm single living alone and I learned during that time that when I complained to my friends that were married with kids about how lonely and Isolated I felt they didn't give a shit at all I didn't care at all Oh, it's so hard. Oh being alone in your apartment. You don't have your spouse and your kids crawling up your ass every day My kid was late to zoom school. How the hell does that happen? He just felt the moon and the bike riding I wish I was alone in my apartment crying in the dark at least that would have been quiet Oh Thanks, I guess I'll just rewrite my suicide note Appreciate your support Dating during the pandemic spend hard right any single people here tonight. Whoo See three Before the pandemic half the crowd I mean I'm single The quarantine hit everybody just paired up and the music stopped and I didn't have a chair, you know what I'm saying like It's hard You know you sound you're the handful of single people that are here I'm sure when you you know talked to your friends that are married with kids about it's hard to meet someone Do they always tell you this bullshit like he just got to love yourself? Fall in love with Graham, you know take Graham out on a date That's a great idea you know If I could suck my own dick, but anyway I mean I do yoga, but I'm trying like I can't I Also be I'll be honest, you know having some trust issues because like any good Professional comedian couple years ago had a horrifying breakup and thank you so much and Yeah, that was I was gnarly man I was with this person for two and a half years we lived together Everything was going great, and I just went just one nuts like I don't know what happens Never happened to you like oh you think everything's going great, and then just bam you're in the middle of a pink song like What happened and I don't you know I don't drink I'm completely sober and she's like oh Graham I love that you don't drink you're the best boyfriend ever and then the last two months She just went off the rails like went nuts and a friend of mine she goes wow Graham You know she was you know woman in her 20. She was a lot younger. That's what happens I was like what do you mean? Is this like a thing that like every woman in their 20s does this? I didn't I mean I did some dumb shit in my 20s But I wasn't like that much of a train wreck, you know, is that a thing like every girl? Yeah every girl in her 20s blows up a two and a half year relationship by becoming a violent co-core If your boyfriend didn't get a restraining order against you you weren't living And I know some of you think oh Graham, you know you probably picked it No, I get that there's guys out there that deliberately date some girl that's obviously a train wreck And then when she goes nuts they act shocked. I wasn't one of those dudes. It's like I was dating this stripper with a coke problem And she just went nuts like Yeah, she just went off the rails here's something I've you know kind of a sidebar Never heard anybody say before is you know once I started doing cocaine my life got better I mean everything kind of evened out, you know what I'm saying better group of friends the cocaine crowd good solid people, you know Dependable on time No trouble with the law No, it makes dating hard is my where I'm at politically And if you watch my YouTube show political vigilante right on Thank you Another show government secrets those are thank you. Thank you For those of you don't know they're just kind of fun sort of Lucy Goosey shows kind of Talk about how the deep state killed candidate. You know just fun sort of Trump and the Clintons I have ties to Epstein you know just kind of fun silly sort of the world's run by a global sex trafficking billionaire pedophile ring but other than that it's sort of a sort of a spring break romcom kind of a fun So Yeah, it's I give people like are you on the apps though? I'm not on the apps They don't have a box to check for when they're like what's what's your political when you're filling out the profile They don't have one that's anti-war pro labor socialist. They don't have that And when you do shit so many of the bike. Well, yeah, there's one of us just In the back Can't pay your bills because you're an activist Woo When you do shows like political vigilante and government secrets even when if I do go on a date It's just hard. I'm too I'm too judgemental, you know, I'll be like oh, what do you do for a living? Oh, I work in the marketing department at Google Oh, that's cool. They just been doing data collection for the intelligence community for 2011 but whatever Thanks for being part of the problem. This dates over check. I'm done Yeah When you have a show called the political vigilante and government secrets people send you crazy shit in the mail Like crazy I've always had a a a PO box on my website and I saw the difference I'm to be fair I've gotten some wonderful letters from people like grandma love your show It got me through a tough time or you opened my eyes up to something that the regular people on regular media is not talking about and I'm like Oh, that's cool and to see the difference. I remember when I used to do a podcast called comedy film nerds and That's why we don't do it anymore because Six people listen, but thank you so much nerds But it was a fun show it was very just nerdy. We just nerded out about movies We love doing it so people would send me these kind of fun books when we did comedy film nerds like Star Wars trivia and hey grandma. I live in Pittsburgh Here's a book of all the cool movie shot in Pittsburgh. I know that's awesome And now that I'm doing all this political stuff. I just get books like says him is straight and the CIA How kermit the frog and miss piggy ran a honey trap and El Salvador It's cool doing that doing the podcast stuff because I have I have fans of all different walks of life All different age groups. I mean from teenagers all the way up to people in their 80s people from all over the country And all over the world. It's really amazing And so when I see Like people in my age group are older like getting mad or even millennials in the Gen G Like come on. They're always like getting their avocado toast and I get to pay shit man looks or whatever like first of all who raised them Like they didn't raise themselves. I didn't just come out And then the other thing here's what you say anybody young tonight It's like in your 20s or 30s and when you hear that shit like Here's what you say like oh, yeah, it's so awesome being a young and America. It's so great Can't afford college if we do go to college. I got crushing student loan debt Can't afford a house we're afraid to have kids because of climate collapse There's no good jobs out there. We can't afford health care But there are the only jobs are like oh, we have to have three jobs delivering food and working for Uber If we do get a good job It's with some Silicon Valley billionaire asshole with venture capitalist money Creating bullshit or or that Silicon Valley of those billionaires they creating cool stuff to end homelessness and stop climate collapse No, it's always some stupid like cat food home delivery app Cat snack cat cat cat cat cat me oh gouch me oh snag So I like I said I grew up here, but I live in Los Angeles now and When you come from the Midwest and you moved to LA there's a lot of cool stuff about California, but they have a There's some stuff you're like what come on my one would ever Talked away in a million years, but so I'll give you a Statistics you might not be aware of Los Angeles has the highest percentage of people per capita that use the following sentence 100% seriously Just manifest it All the time just manifest it you can take a shock or crystal and think it you can make anything happen Make it believe like wow is all these weight ladies with special powers. It's amazing. Oh, shit I'm like look. I'm all for thinking positive But let's be honest. There's a lot of first world privilege in the manifesting I like oh the homeless should just manifest not living in late-stage capitalism and Manifest moving to Beverly Hills So I did that choke in LA recently and after the show this woman came up to me and she was a manifestor She was like look man, you know, it's not telling you. I don't can't be mad me. She was all fired up Some white lady with a Hindu name for Karen or whatever She's just like you know grand manifesting works. I mean I did it. That's how I manifested having my own clothing star Oh the one your parents helped you with That's what I forgot to do manifest a trust fund okay But she wouldn't let it go she's like well look at you Graham you manifested being a professional comedian And I was like all right. I'll give you that yes. I did I've worked long and hard I started at this club zanies. It's why it's amazing that I'm here. I mean yes, right? After the show you go back there and see my picture on the wall when I'm 22 I have a vest over a t-shirt Uh, and thankfully you it's just from the waist up so you can't see my acid wash jeans But anyway The 90s were complicated time you guys it was a complicated time for everybody, but no that's That's why being you know, yes, I've worked long and hard and that's why I wanted to shoot my special at this club because as I'm from Chicago And this is one of the first places that ever worked me and this club is over 40 years old It's an amazing club used to be a strip club run by the mob so it's like It's probably a mob hit here. You know, it's got that vibe you know what I mean But I said to this woman said you're right you're right I did manifest becoming a professional comedian, but let's be honest folks I'm lucky. I live in a country where this is even a job Right Third world countries you don't get to just pick jobs and make up some crazy career There's not a guy in Yemen right now going this horrifying proxy war Between Iran and the evil American Empire At the behest of the brutal kingdom of Saudi Arabia Causing the worst humanitarian crisis the world has ever known But I'm sure it will end once mercury gets out of retrograde Then I will manifest my vision board dream of owning my own Pilates studio Hashtag blessed So I had a college professor father and anyone who's had college professor parents Knows that when you're a kid everything is a learning experience This was never more evident than when my family. I'm the youngest of four we lived in Germany for a year My father had a full bright which is a research scholarship and his PhD was in German theater history And yes, that's a lot of fun when you're a kid Learning about Gertun Bertolt Brecht those guys were right My friends were going to amusement parks. I was learning about German existentialism Living in Germany in the 70s was a blast too because it was only 30 years after World War 2 So the German kids fucking hated us And it was just unreal is like oh man the Germans are mean and uh, you know No fun happening. Well, actually that's not I should meet that stereotypical that's stereotypical Because we all know the name the very famous German comedian Yeah, there isn't one folks There wasn't one there never has been one there never will be one. It's not happening. No such thing So the entire year we lived in Germany all we did was go to museums and castles I'm like doesn't this country have a water park or some shit So one of the field trips the educational field trips my dad took us on was we all went to doc out That's a concentration camp folks Here was the age breakdown my oldest sister was 14 so it's all right It's probably the age you should start learning about the Holocaust and you know the realities of the world My other sister was 11. Okay. My brother was nine. That's too young. I was six I Brought this up to my dad a couple years ago. I said don't you think six was a little young dad Holy said was well. I guess we didn't really think that through I became jaded early on When we move back to the states the first day it's going again. I'm like in the second grade The teachers going around the classroom like what did everybody do on their summer vacation? Like Timmy what did you do? Oh my dad and my brother and I we built the go kart oh Suzy what did you do? Oh, I learned how to make a campfire in the Girl Scouts Graham what did you do? I want to a death camp I don't trust the human race There's no god Well, why don't you just make that into some macaroni art for showing talent Maybe like a turkey hand that just says there's no god Can do different crayons for each one So I have this dark view of the world And it's happens every day, you know people will come to me. Oh, Grant. You must be a Canadian. You're Canadian I'll watch a lot of funny movies and TV shows No I watch documentaries about cult Those are amazing you guys Here's why you got to watch cult documentaries If you're having a bad day Maybe beating yourself up over some decisions you made I can assure you you've never done something as dumb as join a cult Halfway through every cult doc I'm like how stupid are these people It's always so obvious I mean, all right, it starts with noble intentions, right? It's a bunch of hippies We're gonna live off the grid and grow our own food and make our own clothing and no more capitalism no more war It's like oh, yeah, that sounds great But then there's these obvious red flags Like matching outfits Come on Like let's say you two guys who are here cheating on your wives together If you showed up late and walked in and I was wearing a robe with a sash and the whole crowd was wearing a matching robe You'd be like oh, where's the comedy show not the cult rally We just is that next door the comedy said okay The leaders of the cults always have crazy eyes and jacked up haircuts It's so obvious. There's this one on HBO this woman Gwen. She's got this huge like tidal wave blonde hair And she's like chase that's wanting to get me $10,000 to lose white It's so obvious But even years later the people are being interviewed still sound so dumb and clueless They're always like well, you know one day we were all doing yoga and the profit walked in And he stuck his thumb in my butt And I thought this is kind of weird And then he said the second knuckle brings enlightenment So I mean who could have known Everyone new So we got to come to grips with the fact that We all grew up in America, which is a cult America's a cult guys we have to admit work cult we have to admit we're really I used to think America's the greatest country in the world It's not perfect, but no it's a cult we're not number one in any good category at all You know what I mean? We're the only categories we're good in her bad like we're number one in prison population number one in gondas Number one in infant mortality among swester nations. We're number one in military spending like Yeah, exactly but the categories we should be number one like infrastructure. I just looked it up today. We're 13th We're number 13 Number 13 Take that Denmark you 14th place suckles like Eat it So America you know, we've got all these little cults within us Our two political both our political parties are cults our religions are most of them cults, you know This is why I love my I can YouTube podcast fans because they don't heckle They just bring up political clarifications to chose Actually most of them if you look at it by definition I love it. I don't want to get heckled at these shows. It's just like Graham actually that ballot measure passed by two thirds vote Thank you Yeah, but that's why comedians we'd never fall for cults You've never heard of a professional comic getting roped into a cult because we have been in the back of classrooms since we were kids going This is bullshit comedians no fall for cults comedians and black people black people don't fall for cults Right there. I was like what the fuck there's no way Although I did that joke recently and a black woman yelled out the Baptist Church and I was like oh, yeah, that's black people Okay, cool I get it. I don't get offended folks. I know all about religious cults. I was raised Catholic Ha ha ha ha the biggest cult on the planet So we have to understand America's a cult right we've got all these little cults within us you know like Florida Florida's a cult I don't know what is happening in Florida. I don't know what they're doing down there I'm going to read you an actual story because I follow on the Reddit. There's a Reddit page called the Florida man So it's amazing. This is an actual story. I am not making this up. You can look this up online This is not I'm not exaggerating this at all. This is a real title and I clicked on it nude beach blowjob jet ski fight Leads to wife's death What's going on Florida? What are you doing Florida? And I feel like if somebody came from another country and did know anything about America And just had an iPhone and said hey Siri what's Florida Siri would just be like nude beach blowjob jet ski fight coupon book clan rally park hopper pass kids eat free alligator flip flop casino glow in the dark sun visor bingo AARP discount beach volleyball red lobster neon airboat strip club orange juice gun show college football affordable senior living Hooters three t-shirts for $10 all you can eat oxy cotton spring break burn notice want to it You Thank you, Siri And I don't know if it's the people that grew up there because I know so I've been I've performed a Florida bunch I've had great shows there and I've I've met people that grew up there that they seem smart sharp people Although my ex is from there. Oh god. I should have known far She had a pentagram tattoo and a drug problem anyway. I made a mistake But that aside, I think I've met a lot of people from Florida. They seem pretty sharp. I think what happens A Florida attracts Every like American that's run out of options When you're in Florida ask who moved there go. Why did you move? Not I mean obviously the city you know we went to retire not the retirees That's a different thing But just the people who move there in the middle of their lives. There's always some shady reason why No, where else in America has this you ask anyone? Why do you want to Chicago? Oh my wife got a new job Where we moved to Dallas to be closer to my parents? It's like why'd you move to Florida? Hey, you know the courts up in Massachusetts here Oh, it's the courts is it okay? Yeah, that's why you're renting out jet skis and dealing oxy on the side It's an all cash business under a fake name got it. Yeah, yeah It's the court state really total court thing So we have to come to grips with the fact that America is the Florida of Earth I got friends all over the world. I was just in Europe for two two and a half weeks I went to six different countries and all I heard was what's fucking wrong with you guys over there What are you guys doing? And in all fairness we have to come to grips with the fact that maybe The human race like maybe earth is the Florida of the galaxy, you know what I Why do you think these UFOs They never land They never they just fly by Why can't a UFO just land and get out of the spaceship? Why are you we're from another planet? You guys are earthen skies They're terrified of us And I think this is my theory I think UFOs are actually alien teenagers borrowing their parent spaceship They're parents are like you do you can use your father spaceship, but do not go to earth okay Your uncle went there in the 50s. He's been an area 51. They've been sticking stuff in his ass ever since Do not go And there's these alien teenagers, you know, and there's like a younger brother in the back who's never been to earth and they're like We gotta go to earth But mom said we shouldn't know dude. It's awesome. You got to watch these people. They're out of their minds They kill each other over money and oil and religion. They're out of their fucking minds They draw lines in a map and go that's your country. This is mine and then fucking kill each other and fight over that shit They need breathable air and drinkable water to survive, but they poison it for money. It's like it's new but They worship billionaires with the billionaire just rich assholes and fuck everybody over They told not the black and stupid. There's all we gotta see this shit, but you they got the best weed So yeah, I want to you know, I want to have faith in America and the world can fix it shit I want to have faith that we can fix stuff, you know, I have You know, I just want things equal. I like a quality. That's why I don't you know, whoo. Thank you so much, right? Just equal Like the idea of what America was supposed to be right equal representation. I mean aside from the genocide in the slavery, but other than that Just want things equal, but I see little there's little glimpses of hope, you know, I mean the black lives matter That's been good for people black people getting you know, ending systemic racism all these young people out there Unionizing there's been over 200 Starbucks unionized like that's in that's good labor, you know Women are getting equal rights. That's amazing. It's bullshit that anyone should tell them what they could do with their fucking rights and bodies That's fucking nonsense Come on Every guy here a bunch of women told us what to do with our dicks. We'd be like fuck that I mean I know there's some married guys are like well my wife's got my dick in a jar, but that's That's not a legal thing. That's just a choice So I'm all for a quality. I just want it to be equal, but I must say this there are some women out there Not a lot some some of these feminists who just want a quality for the good shit. Oh Got quiet did it You know I'm talking. There's just a certain type. We'll just call them. I don't know Hillary supporters anyway And you know because I've never seen this I've never seen like Deborah Messing or one of those big celebrity Feminists like it's protesting like I'm it's I'm so tired that I have to get a good paying job in this nice air condition Office when what I really want to do is work on a garbage truck It's not fair that guys get to work in garbage and 90% of all workplace deaths are men. That's bullshit More men are in prison. That's unfair more men are homeless. That's bullshit. We're gonna do something about that Men of a higher suicide rate come on ladies. We got to even that shit up Patriarchy, you know So When russia invaded the Ukraine It's gonna get dark folks buckle the fuck up I'm glad you guys are down because Those of you were like huh just don't ever take your kids to dock out anyway Because this is what happens So when Putin invaded the Ukraine Ukrainian president Zelensky ordered all men under the age of 60 to stay And fight women and children could leave men had to stay even men that were like yo I make shoes. They're like here's a machine gun. You make war now bitch like I Didn't see any of these women on social media like president Zelensky's a sexist. It's toxic masculinity women should be allowed Women should be allowed to fight in a bullshit proxy war for money just like men Come on ladies. We're all flying to the Ukraine with our pussy hats to fight the Russian army Yeah, I didn't see that online I didn't see that So yeah, I don't I don't like you know I'm against all war I don't like what Putin is doing. I don't like it. I'm against war because main reason because I have been to Iraq and Afghanistan to entertain the United States military If there's any military or vets here tonight give them a round of applause folks You know we have an all volunteer military because the economic conscription so I've seen you know Strew And you know I've seen you know I've been on a I don't know what real combat is like and I'll never know But I've seen more war than most civilians have I've been on a helicopter in Afghanistan that came under fire I had a rocket attack in Iraq. I've seen way too many wounded service members and civilians and so I'm just against war I'm just against it. I'm done with it. I don't want to see that shit anymore. Yeah So I get a little pissed off when I see politicians in both parties in our media Getting this selective outrage like oh Putin's committing war crimes. Okay. We should hold him accountable But I don't know has he been bombing the Middle East for the last 20 fucking years? No, I don't think he did right? You know it's like we're all gonna see these celebrities at Hollywood award shows like I stand with the people of Ukraine The people of Iraq Afghanistan Yemen Syria Palestine Somalia. I can't really stand for them I got a bad back my knees a little tweaky, you know And it's so hypocritical man. I can't I can't watch it. I can't we've we've spent you know look at Afghanistan in 20 years Four presidents from both political parties spent $3.5 trillion to replace the Taliban with the Taliban The fuck was that for the big winners were the Taliban and defense contractors like yeah All right meanwhile we're number 13 and infrastructure. We're number 13 So I just can't we're so hypocritical man when I hear the politicians and the people in the media say this without acknowledging what we do it's literally like a drug addict with face tattoos Running a meth lab out of a preschool walking into a bar going you guys drink too much And it's always like you know Endless spending on more anytime we want something good like how we need Medicare for all we need free insurance health insurance Like they've had in Europe for 80 years But then we're always told oh You're gonna pay for it like I don't know the same way you pay for all these wars and Wall Street bailouts like how about that like They never run out of money for those assholes Like when the Mississippi water thing happened the governor of Mississippi said we need roughly three billion dollars to fix our water on that Same day we spent another three billion to Ukraine we sent over 70 billion thus far and I'm like wow America is the worst roommate ever The American people they're like the good roommate, you know pay your bills on time like hey I borrowed your car and returned it I washed it and filled up the tank and the United States government with both of these parties doesn't matter who's in charge They're the worst roommate ever it's like the good roommate comes in hey man Did you see that envelope remember I put that envelope and I put three billion dollars in there and it said to fix Mississippi's water and I said just don't spend it on anything else It's you know where it's gone. I don't see where it is. Oh, dude. That was yours. Oh, man Dude we took that and we went to Vegas And then this guy Zalinsky came up and we gave it to him and then he started shooting like you wasted that money in Vegas Dude the dice got cold don't blame the messenger like Here's all you and war Get everybody in Congress in the Senate get every CEO of every defense contractor Everybody in the White House the vice president the president regardless of his Democrat Republican whoever's there the entire cabinet all of the CEOs of The oil companies and the CEOs of the banks the profit from war have all of their children have to go to war Yeah, when rich kids go to war instead of working class kids That's when war will end I guarantee you I guarantee you you know what I mean with like some rich You know just like oh Ivanka Trump and Hunter Biden are neck deep in the shit in Kiev I bet you war is gonna end Chelsea Clinton and Donald Trump Jr. are drafted for Marine Corps boot camp That's when mommy and daddy you're gonna get a call like we're gonna end war all right pumpkin as soon as we leave Epstein's Island will come there So I think we only need to travel more as especially as Americans because one of the things you notice with Colts They isolate their members Right they keep them isolated from the outside in America. We're isolated We only share a border with two countries. I was just in Europe I hit six countries in 15 days all these different cultures and people and everything we need to get out there and travel Right see the world see what's out there good out of your comfort zone man meet other people from in We go to country. You don't speak the language. I bend to Russia. I went there in 2019 and a friend of mine was Russian told me I don't speak any Russian it's like just put a ski at the end of every word So I was in a coffee shop there was a little cooler of pre-made sandwiches and They had stickers on them, but it was all in Russian. I don't know what it said at all So I call this woman over that worked there. She didn't speak any English I just called her over and I pointed at the sandwiches and I went because I'm a vegetarian I went vegetarian ski And she went ah duh and then picked out the sandwich We figured it out our governments don't get along, but she got me a vegetarian sandwich at The star Buxky or wherever I was at We figured it out man get out there meet people because it'd be done But listen to what the government say like I did a whole tour through China and Japan, right? It was amazing and you learned stuff about different cultures like when you fly in a major airline from an American City to a to another city in another country those those big airlines do a very good job of making announcements in English Right, but I then went from Hong Kong to do a show in Guangzhou, China and I flew there like Spirit airlines It was like I don't know dragon foot airlines or some shit like that And so when the plane lands I'm the only Westerner that has probably ever been on that flight So when it lands they make an announcement in Mandarin than Cantonese that I don't know It sounded like like Korean Japanese Sanskrit. I don't know By the time they got to English they didn't give a shit if it made sense It was just like with kind of request of the pleasantries for the travelments of your disembarkation for your passporting Stay stay stay seated stay seated Oh So the whole trip was me just going oh okay, so the whole trip was like that But I learned and people laughed and we got to know each other and we spoke for words to me was awesome Right, I learned all this cultural stuff like when I was going to Hong Kong a comedian friend of mine said in Hong Kong That you can get a hand-tailored silk suit for like two three hundred dollars That's a two three thousand dollars suit in the States. I'm like awesome and all the street merchants in Hong Kong know this So when they see a Western man walking down the street They come at you and they have this hand gesture that I was not familiar with so in America When we call someone over we do this right we go hey yo yo come here. I'm Doing a show with shocker crystals and a strip club that used to be run by the mile So in China and large portions of Asia they they do this hand gesture this means call you over So I didn't know that right so the guy's he's like ah you want silk suit and I thought he was like get the fuck out You know what I mean? I was like shit my bad. I didn't vote for him. You know, I vote third party And these guys hard sell you man. He's like ah you want silk suit you want fake Rolex you want hashish? I'm like this guy's got everything This is like a Walmart. This is amazing and Then his store was teeny it was like smaller than this stage and he's like I can get you anything you want So I was being like you know cocky American. I was gonna try to stump them. I'm like okay How about a unicorn Yeah, no problem You just took a carrot glued it on a cat's head. Yeah So then I went to this outdoor market in Beijing and they had this wall of iPhone covers and it was like all of the Rejects like all the stuff that doesn't get sold in America. They just unloaded there because you know everything's made in China Thanks to the bushes and the Clintons so anyway everything's there and They not a lot of them didn't even make sense like one of them was trying to say I heart the USA and The heart was an outline of the continental United States, but it had stars and stripes on it and I was looking at it like I America the USA Like I don't know I wish I could show it to you guys, but it was for an iPhone 7 I have an iPhone 12. I'm not a fucking animal anyway So I bought it as a joke, but you know some redneck saw it they'd be like you got damn red America the USA If you don't America the USA, then why don't you move to North Korea you send a bitch get her down, you know And then on this tour I went to Tokyo Japan. Tokyo is a fantastic city It's about twice the size of Manhattan and there the nicest most polite people ever is a clean Well-run city everything is just like oh, I got to go to the high must-day bow I'll give you a great example. I was in a 7-11 in downtown Tokyo in the middle of a busy work day. There's this long line of people Coming in some quick to eat on their lunch break And this is how the woman gave change to every single person she had a tray Change receipt bowed and said in Japanese. Thank you so much for coming into our store. We appreciate your business And everyone reciprocated people weren't just like yeah, yeah, whatever they were like oh, thank you So it was so beautiful I was frozen at how gorgeous this was and then this Japanese man kind of accidentally cut in front of me And when I pointed out to my excuse me he was mortified. He's like oh, I'm so sorry so sorry I started thinking could you imagine this shit in New York City Being in like a 7-11, you know what I mean? Bodega in New York City some big New Yorker. I cut in front of you. Excuse me Oh my fucking bad I'm so sorry. We love tourists in the big apple Perhaps I should commit Seppaku ritual suicide To regain my family's honor Go Jets I See everything I did when I was in Japan I've started to do this anytime I travel internationally and please do this I started watching their news because he gets a totally different view and I started watching NHK which is basically like Japan's CNN. There's an English version you can get it online I highly recommend watching it because when I first saw it kind of threw me off because they do this weird thing It's called them journalism Yeah, it's crazy. They just talk about news and facts and information. It's nuts There's not like a Japanese flag waving and then that fear ticker like we have an American media You know that is I said your kids chocolate milk, you know There's this old Japanese guy doing prime time news with a weird ear I'm like he would never be on TV in America ever ever It was a bit like wow and I just because American media is so bad I don't care what you watch MSNBC Fox CNN ABC. It doesn't matter Our media is designed to keep us all divided distracted and afraid right Yep They want us fighting red blue black white male female boomer Gen Z whatever they want us fighting about whatever man They're always distracting us with some shit like while they're passing some awful bill like oh my god Kanye West that's something crazy like no way Everything every story. It's always it's always like a fear angle, you know what I mean? And our our journalists they're they're not journalists. They're infotainers They're these beautiful actors. They have that fake laugh, you know that they do between stories that segway laugh Looks like it's gonna be a wet weekend hubbub Hopefully not too wet for the big ballgame right down Every story has a fear angle right everyone has a fear angle what you need to know about your children and sprinklers Summertime backyard fun or aquatic death tool like Sprinklers are killing kids know we My favorite thing that the media does in America they'll take whatever the story of the days we should all be paying attention to And when they put it next to the dumbest story ever New UN report says America and the world needs to be off a fossil fuels by 2030 otherwise climate change is imminent But first a Florida man whose bakery has gone to the dogs And then they show like a puppy with oven mitts on pushing a cake tin into a stove Those look like some dog on good muffins hubbub Every winter they do this story every winter and it's always breaking news like oh my god A snowstorm hitting the east coast in the winter No way Every winter is like who saw that coming Blizzardzilla snow pockleps There's always some guy in the streets like Linda. I'm here in Times Square There is frozen water coming down from the sky Meteorologists are calling it snow It's coming down in an aggressive war like manner probably sent here by Russia or China So I start watching NHK Watch it because when I watch American media mad I'm depressed. I'm like we got no hope when I watch NHK They'll do these 20 minute human interest stories that just restore my faith in humanity. They're just beautiful Like we're gonna talk to a Kyoto woman about the ancient art of rice gazing Rice gazing like oh shit. I'm in let's do this man Some Stately Japanese woman comes out in a kimono first we find the perfect grain of rice This takes up to 10 years Then we pull a stone out of the river we put the rice on the stone and we let it sit and dry in the sun Then we gaze upon it The Contemplating the impermanence of the universe and the Buddhist tradition much as the Shogunite have done for a thousand years Holy shit, this is awesome I'm like have faith in humanity. This is so amazing. I love this and meanwhile on Fox News our gay Mexican socialist murdering New York City was snow like now Fox So the media too They kiss the billionaires asses because these billionaires spend tens of million dollars of marketing money, right? Remember last summer when Jeff Bezos threw his cock rocket around the planet And media was like this is amazing. He put a rocket around the planet Here's the actual flight folks. It was four minutes long and barely penetrated the earth's atmosphere So I guess Bezos wanted the whole world to know what his girlfriend feels Come Comes off his rocket they're all high five and it's amazing I can't believe it that stupid cowboy hat. You know he used taxpayer dollars to the richest guy in the history of everything used our money to fuel That stupid cock rocket And then the the journalist that's no joke man and the journalist was like oh this opens the doorway for space tourism This is an actual quote now for only 23 million dollars you can fly to outer space Oh 23 million that's it. Oh shit you guys take Venmo fuck yeah, let's do this 23 oh great that's all we need Richard Branson has a rocket like yeah 23 million so now rich assholes They're gonna fly around a planet that's on fire that they have the money to fix but they're too selfish and greedy to do it Yeah We got to bring back bullying I'm telling you not for kids necessarily, but for certain shithead adults like we should send some meatheads to Silicon Valley You know what I'm saying just send some just thugged out ufc guys like hey Bezos that's my rocket now Bezos Thanks nerd just get him in a headlock hey nerd We're gonna start paying your employees union wages with good benefits right nerd You're gonna end homelessness right? The other story they kissed us ask about last summer I remember this was like Jeff Bezos bought a new yacht made a new yacht from scratch. It was so big it needed a support yacht Support yacht Jesus Christ what an asshole What I get it you know what I mean? I mean if you got a yacht that's big you're gonna need a support yacht I mean we're after all where the caviar on the supermodel is gonna go you know what I mean Like I totally get it remember Betsy DeVos secretary of education under Trump had 10 yachts I get it you don't want to have the same yacht in the Caribbean that you have in the south of France You'll look like a fucking asshole, you know And you got to get a yacht built from scratch. I mean right you want to drive around and to use yacht What are you an animal? Okay use yacht just saying it makes me want to vomit. It's like oh use diaper like that's this fucking gross Gross Too much you guys like yachts I Remember to though that when you like all these rich guys are flying into space I grew up in the 70s. I remember when the space program it meant something like Nassau we took the best of the best in America right? We took the but we took the best men the best women we they they and the one percent the top the best scientist the best fighter pilots The best researchers now just two rich dicks can just fly around What's the NBA finals gonna be just mark Cuban and Mark Zuckerberg in a game of horse like And it's so bad these these you know these politicians That's why they control the parties they control the media they control everything right these billionaire assholes That's why every four years were stuck with voting for the lesser of two evils right I've been in other countries they'll have three four five political parties coalition governments they get shit done We just are so bad every four years the lesser of two evils. It's cemented the last election 330 million people in this country The two best guys we could come up with Donald Trump and Joe Biden the two best guys We scoured the whole country And we got grabbed them by the pussy and sniffing little kids here all right awesome Fantastic Good lord. Who are we sending to the Olympics? You There's nowhere else in America we would put up with this lesser of two evils shit right We're America we want to be the best right we want to go to the we want our kids to go to the best schools We want to live in the best neighbor want to have the best jobs We want our teams to win we want to win the gold medals in the Olympics We would never tolerate this imagine of advertisers tried this They all knew Chevy Malibu Just not as shitty as a Ford Taurus Haunting it's date night we need a sitter for the kids There's only two babysitters to choose from A pedophile and a meth head I go meth that you got to go meth that right Right you got to go meth that At least the kids will have activities you know what I'm saying I mean you might come home and one of them has a prison tattoo But at least they did some shit So bad these politicians So bad people are you and they go and there's a difference between the parties Okay, I'll tell you the difference Republicans would skull fuck a puppy to turn a nickel The Democrats will skull fuck a puppy and then put a rainbow flag on it And go the diversity of puppy skull fucking Yeah Yeah inclusion Don't bring your kids to dock out guys I don't know what else to tell you I don't know how else to break it down All these parties are so bad you know and I just I get I can't like mad the incremental centrism you know they get into the Democrats Joe Biden gets in the power is like oh Remember when he was running in 2020 in the summer he was like now's not the time for revolution Where were you during the summer of 20 we riots there's food lines people lost their jobs Yeah, that's right Revolutions always happen when shits are going great you know what I'm saying Remember the civil rights movements because black people in the south were being treated so well They were just like this is great I shudder to think what would happen if these incremental centrists were around during like bold times in history when bold change needed to happen You know like FDR's famous speech the only thing we have to fear is everything. It's too hard. We can't get it done Congress is a log jam, you know JFK we want to put a man on the moon by the end of the 60s, but I don't think it's possible Maybe in the 70s or 80s. I mean how are we gonna pay for it you know These gutless leaders today were like if Joe Biden and Pelosi were around in the civil rights movement They would have been like hey Rosa Parks Don't move to the front of the bus. It's too performative It's a purity test Why didn't you do the middle of the bus in fact started the back Move up one row at a time Wait a couple years get by part of Jinssen Point Damn it It's my way need to smoke weed and lead weed needs to be legal in this country nationwide I know some states have it but needs to be on a federal level needs to be completely decriminalized. Yeah There's no reason people should be in prison for smoking a plant And I'm completely sober you guys. I don't I don't do any of that stuff And but I think this is why we need to you know smoke weed Is because first of all like when Trump was president. I think he would have been a president better president if he were to smoke weed You know instead he just sounded like a guy coked up at a party trying to rope you into a business deal It's like you know, do you want to build a wall build a wall? Well, I fucking buy greenland. Do I want to buy greenland bro? Let's do it. I got Bitcoin. Well, fucking buy greenland We also what's our space force space force dude fucking space force When we kept the captains what's fucking deal will fly around with bang green chicks like captain curtain It's out of his mind I remember when the you know the liberals wanted to impeach Trump I was like I'm glad that didn't happen because then we would have had president Mike Pence Yeah, exactly what would that have been just Shocked a gay out of people and outlaw lunch with women I Remember when he said I can't have lunch with my female subordinates what happens at lunch Mike Some woman sits down. Hello, Mr. Vice President What would you make me do How dare you bring your boobs to lunch I Give Trump what a smoked weed when he was president. He wouldn't have wanted to build a wall around Mexico He would have just been down at the border going We should start a music festival Want to make it Mexican-American bands is jamming together fucking body painting empanadas be fucking sick You Biden smoked weed he might you know remember where he is or So it's like breaking news. I owe that president finished a sentence today. I just a gentleman That's no big deal that the guy in charge of launch codes has clear cognitive decline. I mean what's the worst that could happen? Say I made fun of both sides if anyone's offended I fucking took everybody out so don't worry about And if you got offended because I made fun of your guy you're in a cult And this is why I think we should be legalized like nationwide because I've been working in bars and night clubs since I was 18 years old Which means two things one I have no marketable skills I Thank you Two everything's a joke when you're comedian I spend two hours a night at the comedy club either making jokes on stage or backstage with the other comics the other 22 hours out of the day I am either sleeping or telling myself Don't make that joke don't say that Cops don't find that funny I Even in relationships. I'm like I love you. I love you too. Ha ha tricked you like everything Everything's a joke And I like it too because there's a lot of medical stuff like I'm I like you know holistic medicine whenever I tried that because I had a really bad Several years ago really bad chronic hip and back pain Got so bad that the whole left side of my body was tingling and I call it my physician I was like hey doc We should set up appointment the left side of my body's like tingling and in pain do not ever say left in tingling to a physician Yeah, he lost his shit. He's like oh my god Graham get yourself to a hospital do not drive yourself have a friend or get an ambulance You could be having a stroke or a heart attack you are on borrowed time. I'm like thanks bitch damn My buddies driving me to the the hospital in LA. I'm flipping out. I'm like well, dude if I die You get my surfboards like I'm like I'm like punching out They run a bunch of tests on me. They're like it's not a stroke or a heart attack. We don't know what it is So we're gonna order an MRI. Okay. I'd never had an MRI at that point the technician goes here's a couple earplugs about an hour and 15 minutes Just trying to sleep through it Yeah, that's like exactly you've had an MRI. It's like trying to sleep in a metal trash can While kids get it with sticks But I didn't know this right so I'm flipping out of it Get in the MRI the first 30 seconds the machine just homes you're in basically a tube. It's like a coffin Right, I'm just sitting there Calming myself down like it's all right. You're gonna be okay. It's okay. The machine's just going Like you're gonna get through it. It's not a stroke or a heart attack It's like a fire alarm for your life like You're gonna die you're gonna die you're gonna do a show and a converted mob strip club in Chicago So I started doing yoga I know I'm part of the problem and Before I talk about yoga, I just want to say this real quick about chronic back pain the worst part about it It's not the discomfort. It's everybody's stupid suggestions on how to make it better All you've had two three years of chronic back pain Have you tried to seat cushion? Oh, fuck there. It is seat cushion. Okay. Yeah Now two years of doctors and chiropractor's and physical therapy and hundreds of hours of my life and thousands of dollars Because even with insurance we have a bullshit for-profit healthcare system Doing all these tests with all these medical professionals with decades of combined education training and experience and they all missed seat cushion Do you walk up to blind people and go have you tried opening your eyes? Let the light in just manifest it So I started doing yoga and I love yoga the first yoga class I went to I was like oh man. I could be a yoga teacher someday No way there's no way I could never be a yoga teacher Never a million years because like I said I'm a comic everything's a joke right? So if I was a yoga teacher here's what I would do I'd get everybody in class. I'd play that music ding ding ding ding I like okay guys. This is your 60 minutes. This is your practice. Okay. This is your time to connect mind body spirit Okay, turn your phones off let go of everything you got to do outside of the yoga studio your job your family your bills Your responsibilities let go that this is your time to reconnect with you. Okay? Our first pose is going to be the tree pose this leg is going to be our root and you're going to open up like this and if you fall out It's okay. It's not a competition Then you're going to raise your arms and lengthen like this and you don't scrunch up your shoulders We put so much stress intention in our shoulders. We're in our cars. We're on our laptops. We're on our phones Just lengthen and breathe. Okay. I'm going to piss in your mouth And Remember the second knuckle brings enlightenment And no one would question me as a teacher they'd be in class like did he just I heard it wrong. I'm crazy And that's how I know I could start a cult Thank you for you know watching this the journey and you've heard tonight You know, I've gone through a lot of sort of transformations as a person and one of them Is I used to be a huge fan of the NFL I mean, I like watching the NFL like sports, but I used to be a huge fan. I I grew up watching it. I played high school football at Evanston I loved it as I was a bearer's fan. You know, I saw the bears win in 85. That's great, you know But it's gotten you know as you wake up and you start paying attention how the world works I get a little bummed out with the NFL man Like they covered up CTE the brain disease that pissed me off They didn't give a shit about domestic violence and there was videos about it Like oh, maybe we should do something about it. They they every before the games It's like a recruiting thing for war. I don't like wars. I told you you know, they should have let cavernic take a goddamn knee They should have let him take a knee man They should have gone were America's game. He has a first amendment right to take a knee the people in the stands Have a first amendment right to boo him cheer him whatever that's America's game That's what they should have done and they didn't it was bullshit and I don't like a lot of their ads man A lot of their I mean their ads are all like beer truck state gun boobs, you know I mean I like boobs, but not like angry like boobs. You know what I mean like the bacon wrap flag truck boob gun like So none of them are for me like I said I'm a vegetarian. I meditate. I do yoga. I don't drink I'm completely sober. I drive an electric car. I'm not making any of this shit up man None of the ads are for me. I wish the NFL would make ads For hippies like me But still keep the NFL style Like I am Chicago Bears head coach and when I'm making vegan smoothies for my team I use blue diamond almond milk Blue diamond almond milk the official organic unsweetened almond milk of the national football league NFL plant-based life The 2023 Nissan leaf the official zero emission vehicle of the national football league Plug it in charge it up and hit the open road up to 123 miles then Charge for another two to three hours charging me bury in your area then hit the open road again Great for tailgating yoga retreats activist rallies And NFL green new deal Nike and the national football league want you to just manifest it Thank you so much Chicago You All strike You
 yer B ve foarte Oh! Good evening! What is going on, everybody? Thank you for coming out. All right, we're all settled there. I'm excited to be here. Been here all day in this town. I am? I did the whole town. Which means I went to the pizza place. Got a love-bucks county, man. I'm going to quaint little coffee shops. I was at a coffee shop today. One person bathroom. That's what we got going now. Everyone was complaining about, you know, men's and women's identifying. Now we just have one person bathrooms and we all just got to wait. When so much in the bathroom and you're waiting, how long are you expected to wait before you cannot? And say, are you dead in there? Without being the asshole for doing that, right? Look, I gave a little knock on it. You're right there. The guy goes, whoever's in there, why don't you give him a minute? I'm like, okay, I gave him 27 minutes, man. I'm going to watch the sitcom. What are they doing? Transcribing a caranet, man. What the fuck? This is my move now. Whenever I get up to a bathroom, even though I know it's already occupied, I do a hard jiggle on the handle. Okay? And then you inevitably always go, somebody's here. And then I go, oh, I'm sorry. But in my head, I'm thinking, and now you know, somebody's out here. Let's put this into over-driver, right? And then if they still take too long, my next move is I jiggle it again. But I pretend I'm somebody else. Right? And in my original character, I say to the second jiggle, I go, yeah, no, I'm actually next. There's a line. Right? Ah! Another ring, oh shit, now there's two people up there! Telling about the time I'm done, they think there's a town hall meeting going on on the other side. They come out, it's just me, they're looking both ways, man. Everybody else died a septic shock. I'm the only one left. Right. So. It's nice to be out, right? Getting some laughs. A lot of dissension in this country right now. Don't worry, I don't get political, we don't have to worry about that. But whatever is going on in this country, it's all a deal. You know, I just don't like when foreign is starting to jet thing. Right? I was doing a gig in Toronto, I got a couple of buddies at a Canadian, we're doing a few shows together, I had a couple of drinks afterwards. One of my buddies goes, yeah, you're president Trump, but I wouldn't want to have him run in all country. I couldn't even bite my tongue. I'm like, bro, I don't even know who your guy is. I want to put this perspective, alright? In your country, and I don't even know who the guy is! It's all... By the way, my guy isn't your country, too. Don't kid yourself. Don't kid yourself. Can't it up. Are you kidding me? I love the Canadians, but let's be honest. 80% of the entire Canadian population lives within 50 miles of the American border. And this day when I'm saying, they hovered over to Velver ropes. They're dying to get it! Now with a deficit, I don't know if you read about this, 22 trillion, right? The deficit. Apparently they're talking about this. Apparently they're talking about selling Montana. To Canada. To pay off the deficit a little bit. I'm like, why don't we just take Canada? Why sell anything? Let's just take this! It's because that deficit's up to 22 trillion, man. We owe China. Again, I don't care political, but people get my face with it. They're like, China owns us. Get ready! China owns us. I'm here to tell you, don't even worry about it. It doesn't matter because we're not fucking paying them back. I mean, that's one of those that's a joke, but it's not a joke, joke, don't say. You don't chip away at 22 trillion. Right away! Oh, we knocked it down the night pin! Tril! No, you just wake up one day and say, you know what, screw this? I'm not paying anybody. Yeah, you don't, you gotta do what I got into it, right? I just want to do a buzz run for president. I go, I get rid of the deficit by first day in office. I'm gonna be like, how would he do that? I wouldn't tell him, I'll go, you gotta vote for me, baby. I'm gonna tell you, you gotta spin the wheel! Can you do it? Can you can? Maybe enough people getting their voting booth and they see a name and they're like, let's give it a shot! My first day in office, I'll just show that building in New York Cityway. You see, the deficit on the wall of the building, it just constantly keeps shooting up. I just have a camera on it. Is everybody looking? And I just press a button. Boom! Zero! There you go. Go tell your friends. Spread the word. The channel will be watching on TV going, aw, shit, that's a problem. That's gonna be a problem. I'm not gonna do that. So I love this small town vibe. I live in a small town upstate New York, called Fredonia, New York. So, yeah, it's a lot like this. But, how taxes are like one month worth of your taxes? I can't believe it, but I moved to this town. It's like an hour outside of Buffalo, a long story. My wife is from the area. My first move day, I was at Main Street with a buddy. We're going in to have a couple beers. I didn't feed the meat. And he goes, I can be a problem. He goes, what? If you don't mind getting Jack $7. $7? That's the five. And I feed the meat. I'm like, I'm gonna keep it here monthly, bro. I lived in New York City, but 22 years. That's a cup of coffee. Yeah, everyone's employed by the factory. If the factory shuts down, we'll have to move. My story's a little different. If Delta shuts down, I got a move. That's how life fly out of Buffalo. Delta, that's my preferred airline. Delta serves peanuts, pretzels, and cookies. If you fly Delta, you would know that. But you would, because they say it to every single passenger. It's a little bizarre, man. But there'll be three in a row. You know, peanuts, pretzels, cookies? Peanut pretzels, cookies? Peanut pretzels, cookies. Peanut pretzels, cookies. I'm like, it had to pass me twice. Forget to them. I've probably heard it two rows up. I'm going to anything I'm sitting there going, you better ask me. Don't assume I heard that shit. Don't assume I heard that shit. It's better being Delta rule, man. I feel better than a flight attendant. I'm just being late and bed in their own home. The husband's like, good morning, baby. He's just like, pay nuts, pretzels, cookies, pretzels, cookies, pretzels. He's like, baby, yo, yo, baby, yo. You're drinking, man. You got a drink on. You wouldn't even know. Am I Broadway play? Get a got the drink, guy. He's trying to stare at me like you're waiting for me to break into Othello or something. Even I'm drinking and I'm performing, guy. Do you think I'm eating hot? I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. I'm drinking hot. You know, his airline snacks. We can't get enough of him, right? I fly early. That's my thing. I always fly early. There's a problem. You got time to fix it. I fly so early. I got to the gate once. Coffee shops. Not even open yet. It's just me and a guy about my age and he's in a wheelchair and we're both waiting to get coffee. Now, he gets a phone call. Coffee shop opens. A figure let me treat the guy, right? I come back and give him the coffee. He thanks me, introduces himself and we shake hands. Now, no sooner do we finish shaking hands. The guy gets out of the wheelchair. I consider that I just physically shook his hand. As you could imagine, my first thought was, I think I just healed this guy. I don't even know what protocol is. Do we call the pope? What do we do? Right? Do I know what protocol is? Do we call the pope? What do we do? Right? Do I not wash the head? Many sees the stun look in my eye and he goes, oh no, I work for the airport pushing people and the planes getting in. And I just got in early, you know. You don't sit in the wheelchair, guy. You think I'm going to go, no, you know you're in it. I assume you could walk by the way you were wiggling in it. Of course, now my next thought was, it was me 250 foot of corn. With those airline snacks, right? I fly, I get like 5 a.m. flight and you just hear like all these little Styrofoam bags everyone trying to open up the pretzels. 5 a.m., right? And if you were in your own kitchen at 5 a.m., and you opened up a cabinet, it's sort of pretzels, you wouldn't eat them. What are we doing? From came, I've had to flight once, 5 30 in the morning, flight attendant comes on, tells us they're out of pretzels, they're not going to be serving pretzels. And again, sitting right next to me, mumbles to himself out loud, he goes, God damn it. Like what is this guy flying belted just for the pretzels? Like they're not anti-Ani's guy. They never see people put the airline snacks in their bed for later. Oh my God, how much trash is that? How does it even play out, man? Like, you run your couch at home and your wife's like, I'd love a snack. You're like, get the belted pretzels, baby. I don't know, I don't know. I had to flight once, 5 30 in the morning, flight attendant comes on, tells us, is a child on board allergic to peanuts, and then they're not going to be serving peanuts. Now, I have a child too, I understand, I'm not getting into all that. I'm just saying, many of you hear it, that someone a child is allergic to peanuts. It's just you've been nature. It's like murder on the oriental express. You're just looking around, trying to see if you can figure out which kid it is and can't eat the peanuts. It's probably a red head, it's got to be a red head. And the pilot comes on 10 minutes later, he thanks us again for not eating the peanuts. I mean, it's 5 30 in the morning, who's eating peanuts? If the pilot came on and said there was a child on board allergic to coffee, he'd have been dead by 545. That got to say, with the allergic to peanuts, man, I mean, how allergic is allergic? You got to ask yourself, right? Like, if I opened up a little bag of peanuts all the way in the front of a plane, like if that kid was all the way in the back, right? If I'm just like, I just give a little 10, just a little 10, oh, shhh. Like, what was that? You could hear it in the back of a plane just a little. I'd be like, holy shit. The pilot gets orange. Somebody had to be like, that's something to be eating peanuts. Is that what I'm hearing? Somebody eating peanuts? I doubt you, right? I feel like I could eat the whole bag of peanuts and go up to the mother at the baggage gate. Just be like, just wanting to know, lady, your kid's full shit. I don't want to shout an egg to the ring, and I know this is an egg to the ring, but when you are not allergic to the thing, it's hard to wrap your head around it. Like, if I get stung by a bee, nothing happens to me. If I'm with somebody and they get stung by a bee and the head swells up, I feel like they're being lazy. I feel like I could be like, de-swell that, de-swell that. It's embarrassing. What are you doing? A sparigus, a perfect example, right? A lot of people eat a sparigus later on your pee that night, and it smells like a sparigus. That never happened to me. I thought it was witchcraft. In my late 30s, I must have had a chemical change in my body. I had a little a sparigus one night. Later that night, I'm out of bar. I'm in the bathroom peeing next to a friend. My friend's like, is that a sparigus? I'm smelling like a... I was so excited. Like, yes, dude! Wow! Not even a hit, man. It smelled like I was boiling a sparigus for 20 minutes. Holy shit. No other food to eat. And then pissed at it. It smells like... I never gonna be the bad thing when your body goes, what is that? The shrimp's scam? I'm smelling like that. What's that? Oh, it didn't eat the peanuts. Flying stressful. I was complaining to my brother. He goes, you gotta go southwest, man. That's my airline. Southwest. You pick your old seat for those of you who might not know. When you're walking down the aisle of a Southwest airline, you can sit wherever you want. So I gave it a shot. It's too much pressure. I would rather just be assigned to see. Because all you want to do is sit next to a normal person. Fetch your goal at the end of the day. When you fly Southwest, you literally stout them before you get on. You're seeing people get on before you. You make a note. It's like, oh, don't go next to that guy. I can tell by the vest he takes his shoes off. Mental note. Mental note. Avoid that one. We got a dog coming on. Forget that. That's a thing. Because you got to decide. You got to split second. When you get on the Southwest flight, you're walking down. There's a line of people in front of you. And you got to walk and you got to make a quick judgment. And once you pass someone, there's no going back. There are people riding your ass. You got to go like that one? That one? That one? That one? And you do a peek down. You're like, oh, it's loose. It's the rest of the way. When the guy behind you's like, you just stop. It must be a nightmare down there. Find what you can. Find what you can. The two quick and ghost down. My brother said, no, you've got to pay a few extra bucks. You get on the plane first. And you can sit wherever you want. It's like, did that route one time too? Which works. You get on every seat available. Very nice. Problem is, the Southwest flights all sell out. So eventually, somebody's going to be sitting next to you. So now, this is a whole different kind of pressure. Because now, as people are coming down the aisle, depending on what they look like, I'm making myself more or less appealing to sit next to them. I'm like, I got a guy in a humping jacket, leaning over. I won't even look at him. I'm rubbing my balls, picking my nose. I'm like, what are you talking about? I'm just not happening. Even if you sit here, I'm getting up. It's like a bear and I'm playing dead. I'm like, I'm playing dead. I'm playing dead. Then you get a nice normal lady coming down the aisle. I'm practically laying candles. I got incense going. I'm like, I do nails halfway through the flight. That's a thing to you. Have you seen somebody thinking about sitting next to you? And then you decide not to? What the hell are you? I'm like, mumble into the lady as she's going down the aisle. I don't know what you think is down there, lady. I've been down there. There ain't nothing down there. It is stressful flying. Every aspect of flying is stressful. My wife, she gave me this face cream for my birthday. It cost $50 a bottle. Right away, it comes with instructions from her. She's like, make it last. It's $50. You just need four dimes every night. Then I go through my airport security. I'll hit me go. They don't want to let me through with the face cream. Go to your love to when the TSA people start giving you suggestions that aren't even realistic. The lady looks at me and she goes, do you have a friend that you could call? That would come pick up the face cream. You got a friend that would do that for you lady? My friends actually do it never each other. Maybe I need new friends. And she doesn't even have a friend that would pick me up. I don't even know how I would make that phone call when I left in my ass so I'll have to go through. Seriously. You're going to call me friend, hey friend. You want to drive in an hour and ten minutes? The JFK airport, you pick up my face cream. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll tell you when I land a week later you drop that shit back off. Oh, you're a peach bro. You're a peach. That's why I drive. Whatever possible. I got a 2006 Subaru Outback. Yeah, alright man. Been through a lot together. Been through a lot together with the roof. I had a recall on the roof recently. Apparently the passenger side airbag could blow up. I had to take her in for a recall. My ruin, we've been through a lot. Anyone with a vehicle, you go, you go through a lot. Your vehicle becomes like family. You ever rubbed a dashboard? Going up the hill and really cold weather. I had my Subaru in minus three degrees. I'm like, you got this girl. You got this. I feel like a maddy. It's like rubbing a horse's neck. I go in for a rope recall. I've never done that before. I walk in and go, no problem, sir. We'll take you, Carl. Think about an hour and a half. You're just a tight-have-some coffee and we'll let you know when it's done. No sooner do I sit down. A tract of lady works for Subaru comes walking up with a clipboard. She goes, I just want you to know we did a quick evaluation of your vehicle. This is what it's currently worth, you know, which is nothing. And devastating to hear. I didn't ask for this information. She goes, if you want, we can take this and put it towards a new vehicle. You could be driving out with one of these beauties in less than a half hour. Now, this is all happening so fast and so insensitive. It's my vehicle. Looking out into a window with the dash and coming apart. I'm telling you, man, I'm only bringing it up because it's happening with cars. Before you know it's going to be happening, what else is human? Man, give me an egg getting a quadruple bypass. Nurse is going to come out, go up to your wife. Listen, before we cut this wall, it's open. Just want to let you know we got three men in our early 30s on the other side of the wall here. I am to take you out for a stay-ton. I go valveline. That's my oil people. I go to valveline. Valveline, they bring the dipstick into the waiting room to show you that they filled up your oil. Oh, how nice is that? I'm literally on the phone with my wife. I'm like, yeah, what do you say? Hold on, baby, he's showing me the dipstick. This was the Corialli. I just want to show you. We filled it all the way up right there. I'm like, beautiful, man. Thank you very much. I know nothing about cars. I think I can walk in and show me a completely dry, going, I totally drained all the oil out of the car. I'm going to dry. I go, beautiful. Get that oil out of there. I hate that shit. I was making an appointment with Valveline recently. They had me on hold, and I had it on speaker, and take it to the limit by the Eagles was playing. And my wife comes walking down the stairs, so I was babbling right away, and I go, hold on, they're about to pick up. They're about to pick up. And she goes, oh my God, why do you think that? Because the song is ending. Which is really what I thought. Well, you won't do that. You have to hold that when you're a song, and she do. You think they're going to pick up. Which is bizarre. That means I think there's a guy in Valveline hovering over the phone. Listen up to the Eagles song going, take it to the limit one more time. Valveline. I got a lot of like you people have around here too. Got a lot of the deacrossing sentence. Joey's perplexed me, you know. He's never driving along. You have woods for 10 miles on either side of you. Well, the same you get to the 11th mile as a sign saying, deacrossing next four miles. What about the last 10? How are you so confident that you didn't even need a sign? But did a guy go to put up a sign and the other guy go, forget the sign Tommy, we don't need a sign, we don't need a sign. Now we gotta sit down with the deac. He is in years ago, we worked on a laugh. That's the only legitimate way, right? Like 100 ideas ago, did like one highway representative sit down with one deer representing all the deas. That's how long ago this was. They were still called deas back then. And the highway guy said that if you can get all the other dea to cross between exit 42 and exit 43, I think I can get all my people to slow down when we go through that area. And the deer going, no, no, no, no. You want us to walk up a mile to cross over to come back down a mile and get to the pond to drink, no, no, no. I gotta go back to the other deas with more. You gotta get me more. I gotta go back one more. All right, all right, all right, all right. The highway guy said, how about this? For now, one more, then just one of you. It's still just dea. Okay? We drop the s. Only fish have that right now. And the deer went, that's hot, that's hot. I think I can go back to the other deas with that. I mean, you know what I mean? You mean the other dea? I already liked it! That's why we do 55. Have you ever tried to do a sustained 55? Like literally just do 55. I'm like, oh, are we even moving? Oh, we even fucking moving right now. Jesus Christ! I want to put in parking, walk, and protest. And before it is rolling over, it is grave right now. Step on it. I got a lot of 65 where I live in New York right at the thruway. I passed the cop recently. Let me explain the situation. The cop was doing 65 in a 65. Yeah, that's that. Then we all line up behind them. All right, here we go. What am I parade float? What are we doing right now? I even give them that smile through the windshield. Yeah, I always do 65. What am I ahead? I'm like, guys, as soon as you get off, I got to do 85. To make up for a 75, I would normally be doing right now. But even my GPS was going off. It was like, is there a cop in front of us? What the fuck am I doing? We're coppers and get knocked off. We can't pass it every exit. I'm looking at my wife. Like, what is he on a road trip with the cop? Was that of his jurisdiction? Was he stealing it? I'm like, I got to pass. I got to do the pass. That's what I do. Whenever I'm going to break the law in my vehicle, I announce it to everybody else in the vehicle. Like, if I'm going to make an illegal U-turn, I'm like, I'm banging a U-E. Everybody get ready. I'm banging a U-E. They're ready. I don't even know what that means for everybody else. Fuck. I'm not sure. I'm just letting you know about the dual violation. Whatever you got to do to be comfortable, that gets comfortable. I mean, I say it so clearly that if a cop pulled me over and I tried to talk my way out of it, I was like, oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize I couldn't make that turn. I said, God, we're looking at you. God, I read your lips through the windshield. I'm saying you're going to bang a U-E. That's what I did though. I slowly passed the cop. I'm doing 70. He's doing 65. You ever do that slow five mile an hour pass? Oh, God, your heart is pounding the entire time. It's like walking past a pit bull in your flip flops. Oh, okay. I'm just giving the cop the look through the window the whole time. Like, are you cool with this? Give me a nod. Give me a smile. Let me know you're cool with this. Right? I mean, you can't let me slowly pass you. And then you light me up. That's a weak move, right? God, at least give me that two-fingal wave. Take it back, G. Take it back, hero. I think I apologize. I didn't realize the parade wasn't over yet. That's what I did though. I just slowly passed him. And then you got to get back in front of him. You're like, oh, God, I'm getting back in front of him. The balls! And you just slowly drive off. You know all the other cars of whisper in the sky, I just got it out of my mind. It's supposed to be limits of gotten the most intense. Anyone my age and older, and there's quite a few of you out there. Now, I'm saying all of us adults and beyond, come on. Right? Remember we were all growing up? People were passing our schools at like 45 miles an hour. If they did 50 and a teacher hopped into the outside, smoking a cigarette. The teacher might go, oh, there's kids! Oh, come on, you passed the school now. We got the speed bumps, the flashing lights, the SWAT teams hiding in the bushes. My daughter's in kindergarten. At one point, the speed limit in front of a high school goes down to five. Five! Okay, if you don't step on the gas pedal, the car does seven. I can't even make it to five! I can do spurs of seven! Seven stuff! Seven stuff! Seven stuff! Or I could just open up the door and put in neutral and roll the guy then, and throw like the flitz-dance! That's why I think the school's speed limit passing. Every school should be directly correlated to how well the children are performing at that school. Right? Come on. Motivation for kids. And it helps you house haunting when you have to know what a hurry is at a good school district. Well, they are doing 85 past the high school. I do appreciate it coming out, because come on, let's be out. You got a lot today and now, where we live, a lot of entertainment choices. Netflix alone, come on! By the way, where Netflix can be toned down a little bit with people ran and ran around how many options. Netflix has so much to have so much to have. Netflix has a lot of shit that you have to sift through to get to the good stuff. Have you ever scrolled through to movies and Netflix? No, it don't take long before you ain't sniffing a movie star. Oh my god, man, there's not even a bold one brother in any of these. Is that my name? I read it! Is Larry in a movie? I picked Baby Larry's in a movie! That's why when you get a good recommendation for Netflix, it's like a drug. I come home, I'm telling my wife, are we going to do this? You sure you want to watch it? Apparently we're going to stay up late, we're going to blow the kid off. What do we always say? We'll watch one. We'll just watch one. It's a problem. You try to watch one on these shows. You go Netflix, you try to watch one, and you go to bed. And you go to bed, the screen's like next episode. Five, four, three, two, one. Next thing you know, it's four in the morning. I'm like, no season two, come on! What are we doing? When I get into something, man, I have to hear every line. Like I'm watching a movie recently, and the guy leaves the room. He said something, but I don't catch it. It's a turn to my wife. I'm like, what do you say? She goes, I didn't hear it either. I'm like, well then why are you asking me? She's like, you don't have to hear every line, Pete. I'm like, I don't know why you left the room. I don't know what's going on. I got a rewind. For all the money Netflix has, they got to work on the rewind fest. Foward, man. Just trying to go back a little. I'm like, all right, stop, stop! Why is she yelling at me? You going all the way back to the beginning? Oh, God, here we go. All the way back. Opening credits. I don't know why. I don't think what you think he said. Matt is so much bullshit. Can't believe this. Now I'm fast-forwarding and I'm like, all right, stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! I'm just yelling at me. Here we go. We're seeing the whole thing. All right, here we go. The whole goddamn movie. Everything ending credits. Put something else on now, if we just saw it. Ten minutes later, I'm finally getting it right where I want it. In my head, I'm like, well, man, this guy better say something really important right now. He's like, goodbye. Okay, he's leaving. He's not coming back now. I know he's officially not. We're watching a movie recently. A one-point, the woman turns to the man and goes, well, you know what they say behind every great man there's an even greater woman than my wife paused the movie? I knew she would. I knew she would. I'm on the edge of the couch. She's like, you hear that behind every great man? There's an even greater woman. I'm like, well, I am wallowing away in mediocadille over here. So, I want to step up. I'm watching a movie about two months ago. I go to have my ice cream. That's my snack. Freezer burn. Oh, you have no idea, man. That's my Saturday night, man! So, I'm like, all hope is not lost. It might just be a top level. You still got to do a deep dive. And as I'm sticking to Spoon, you can hear all the crystals breaking up. I'm like, all the way through. All the way through! My wife goes, well, just calm down. Just put it back in the freezer and we'll return it to the supermarket. I'm like, grow man, do not return ice cream. It's just like, well, I guess you just have five bucks. I'm like, well, you do that, right? I guess I'll just have to shop with five dollars worth of shit next time I go to sleep. Not all at once. Like, I was in the bakery section. You know where you get your donuts and you put them in the white wax bag? I got four donuts. I put them in the bag. I get them to the register right away. Right, right away. The lady's like, how many donuts in the bag? I'm like, two. You have no idea how scary that is until it's actually going down. Oh my God, man. I was like, I was trying to get heroin across the border. I'm not ahead of my god. Just swipe the bag, lady. Swipe the bag. Swipe the bag. I'm walking out of my wife's whisper and it's 55 cents a donor. Why would you even put us in that situation? I'm like, is it a freezer bird? Nice cream. Keep walking. Keep walking. I'm around the parking lot and she's like, what would you have done if they opened up the bag and swallowed for donuts? I go, I would have just been like, my wife must have put two more donuts in there. What I wasn't paying attention. I mean, it's called acting. Really, man, I don't know why we're so enamored with movie stars. We act every day of our lives. Better than they do. Hey, come on. How many people you're going to work? You see someone you don't particularly care for. You're like, good to see you. And you're like, you too. And scene. Calling it sick for work. That's some of the best acting work we ever do in our entire lives. I was writing on a sitcom last year. I needed a particular day off. You know that way. You need a particular day off. And you're like, I could ask for that day off. But if they don't give it to me, I'm still not going to be there that day. So I'm going to have to go with a call and sick. It's going to have to call. It's a burden. It's on your own personal calendar. I got it. That's the day I got a call and sick. That's the day I got to do my three day acting toilet. They force. Because when I call and sick, I don't just call and sick on the call and sick. I start acting sick around the office two days prior to the call and sick day. You have to have like it'll be like a few days before you're going to start pretending you sick. It's the work front that's going to hotel in this happen one time. The guy on the way he's like, we're going to be alone on Sunday. And I was going to call him sick Sunday. It's just going to be me and you on Sunday. I already took a look at the schedule. We're going to be getting slammed. So make sure you're ready. I go to him yet. No, absolutely, man. I'll be ready. I'm going to be double ready. You have no idea how slammed you're going to be on Sunday. You feel bad. But you can't tell him. He always want to be like, yeah, I just want you to prepare for the storm. I'm talking calling and sick on top. That's what I do three days prior to the call and sick day. I start acting a little sick. Little things and a little cough here and there. Normally I drink coffee, but instead I have tea. There were a hard dip with the bag until someone sees and looks and then he sees this. Somebody's like, you're drinking T.P.? I know you have coffee usually. I get it now. Some of my throat. I know. Some of his going down. And scene. What time I was acting sick though? The guy's like, well, man, you sound bad. You should probably go home. I think you're getting sick. I'm writing my head. I'm like, no, no. I'll be sick Wednesday. I'm fine today. Wednesday. Wednesday. I don't act much while I'm all really in movies and TV. I did a show once and a director apparently was at the show. He wanted to meet me in the green room. I know like he's a fan of yours. He's a important guy. I had very little time. I couldn't even Google him. So I walked in to meet the guy and he's like, hey, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Big fan of your work. That's what you say. That's what you say. He's like, thanks. I'm a real big fan of you when you're stuffing me. He goes, do you do any acting? A lot of acting. Like, what's the last thing I may have ever seen you act in? So he said, I just want to be like, hey, this room, two minutes ago. I said I'm a fan of your work. I don't even know who you are. And you bought that. So we're good. I got it. I get out. I don't think because the accent, that's why I don't really do a lot of acting. I don't mind. I mean, I have a very thick. Can you tell me, can you tell him from Kansas, sir? I don't mind ever my New York long-eiling accent. It is what it is, baby. But let's be honest, you know, the minute you start talking with this accent, nobody other thinks, oh, it is a genius. I wish I could lose the accent sometimes. That's all. Like, my wife and I went to get a mortgage on the house, we had to get a bank loan before we walked in. My wife goes, when we go in there, try not to sound old gumbah. I was the note, don't sound gumbah. Right away the bank lady comes up, she's like, good afternoon. I'm like, hey, how you doing? Yeah, that's just a walk away to get some. My wife looks at me, how you doing? How you doing? What do you order in a Peshrami sandwich at a deli? You got the house, you got the movie, we got my five-year-old daughter-man, we moved to the small town, started new in the small town, she's in kindergarten now. Any parent knows, you know, you love when your kid comes home and they act like they've learned something at school that you don't know yet. Let me talk to me wrong, my third grade, that'll start happening, I'm aware of that. But I'd like to think I would be the valedictorian of kindergarten. But they had a five-year-old come to the school, now my daughter comes home, I'm having dinner and she's like, that, when there's a fire, you stop, drop and roll. And she said it would such conviction. I had to be like, yeah, no, if it's near you, absolutely. But if it's upstairs and you're downstairs, you know, then you just run out. She's already at that age, giving me the lip, no doubt, you stop, drop and roll. And I'm like, yeah, if it's near you, my wife goes, guys, you're just telling you what to do. Like, yeah, and I'm telling her, man, it's nearer. I can't just agree with her, little grease, she's got to know what's the deal. I'm gonna fire all my friends and run it out and she's rolling around like a goddamn pimple. Everyone's like, what if a coriallis kid, you wouldn't get up, she's just kept rolling around. Like, one of those vacuums that eventually gets every crevice. Now more than ever, we were in to it with the safety with the kids, right? Like, I got these two big porches. I got this old Victorian house total money pit of a house, man. My daughter and her friends, they'll sit out on the porch, people jog by when they just yell out high until the person says hi back. My name is, I think that safe. I'm saying hi to everyone. I'm like, oh god, what do you want me to put chicken wire around the thing? You got to admit though, right? I mean, like, I'll see these headlines where it says attempted child abduction, attempted, like they didn't get it done. I don't want to sound crass, but I mean, if you can't get a kid into a van, seriously. You know what you need to get my daughter into a van? A van. That's it. Catch it. Pull up, you open up that van though, I should be right there. What you got in there? What you got in there? It would be more difficult to keep her out of the van. Let me give it a light shove. Get away from the van kid, right? A cop would pull up what's going on. I'm trying to drop off a cop at the kid keeps trying to climb into the goddamn van. Everyone has their own methods of dealing with trying to help keep their kids safe. I got something I got to share with you. I call it the inappropriate touch test. No, because that's my big fear, right? The kids get touched. I told my daughter, if anyone ever touches you, sticks their hand down your butt, you stop and yell, no, no, mommy daddy, run away. We do dry runs around the house. My wife and I will be having coffee, my kid walks into the kitchen, I put my hand down and butt, she goes, no, no, mommy daddy! And she runs away, she comes back, we fist pump blow it up. My wife goes, she's got it down. Come on, yeah. I think I got to run or run a real track now. She's got the drill down, right? My wife's like, she's got it down. She's got the drill down. That's what she's got. That's what, you know? And then my best friend, since I was a third grade, him and his wife came to visit last summer. They have no kids. Spent two days with us, went to the beach one day. Now it's the next day. He's met my daughter now for about 24 hours. We're making dinner. I'm explaining my whole inappropriate touch test tool. Of course, he calls me sick bastard. Let's get that out of my way. My daughter's on the iPad, I go, I need you to go over and just give her a little rub. Be perfect right now. By the way, little side note, any parent knows that iPad, whoa, I could give my daughter the iPad and I could go to Miami for the weekend. That's not even an exaggeration. So my buddy goes up and just he goes, oh, what up, I'll do it. He just gives a light on the back. He's like, hey, what are you doing, sweetie? And she goes, that tickles. I can walk it out of Kitch and I go, no, it's no, no, mommy, daddy. Right? And she goes, no, that's all game, dad. My buddy goes, I think you got a bigger problem on your hands now, bro. Right? That's all I need is my daughter in school on a rainy day. The teacher's like, does anyone have any games you play at home or you family? Sometimes my dad sticks his hand down my ass. Then we fist pulp and blow it up. Teachers like, all right, everybody heads down. I have to make a quick phone call. That's down. That's down. I don't know. I like where I live though. Beatnicky, beatnicky. I got a neighbor who's an artist and I went to, he's a painter and I went to like a show with his paintings and some others. That's a tough racket, man. I mean, I tell jokes. If I tell a joke and you don't laugh, all right, I suck. Clear. Cut try. I go to see this guy's paintings, right? He's got a beautiful painting with a tree and this and that. There's another one next to his. His is going for 400. The other one's going for four grand. I'm like, who decides? And then like there's a curator that like looks at them and makes a decision. If I was a painter and I did the 400 all the one, right away, I'd be like, where's the fucking curator? Get the curator. Get the curator. I got a tree. He's got a tree. He's got a son. I got a son. Who is this guy that just decides? This curator is like Picasso. Perfect example. Did everything Picasso paint? Was it just automatically a masterpiece? Really, he would just take the brush. Call the Louvre. Don't Pablo's got another one. Jackson Pollock, the drip guy. Right? I mean, are you kidding me? This guy wasn't a good painter. He painted, he painted, finished the painting and it wasn't that good. And then he looked down at the floor and said, the floor looks fantastic. That's what he did. The trippings. I'm not even kidding. It was a documentary with Pollock. True story. He called his wife from upstairs to come down after he did his first drip painting. And he said to her, is this art? Ah, guy, if you got a ask, you already got your answer. It's a goddamn drop cloth. And the curator came in and said, to masterpiece! Everyone's like to masterpiece! Everybody's still dripping, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip. It's a crazy world, that all world. They take as long as they want, right? You can't tell an honest how long to take. Oh, what the job could you do that? You got to plummet come in, you go, how long is this job going to take? You imagine if you plummet one, two days, two weeks, two months. When I feel it. You were negative energy just added six months to the project, I'll tell you that much right now. Michael Angelo took 14 years to paint the Sistine Chapel. 14 years to paint the ceiling. You think that was in the contract? I mean, after the third year, he must have been walking in there with Sprint like, oh god, here he is again, what the fucking line? This is yelling up, we're just wanted and why? What the fuck, guy? He's like, you're going to love it! You might be dead, but your family, they will love! That's how he times really talk over there when we're not there. Well, let's be honest, you know, as far as painting the ceiling of the chapel, everyone, anyone who's Catholic, really any religion, but I'm Catholic and we all know churches need to be aesthetically as beautiful as possible to get through the hour. We need as much shit to look at to get through one hour. I just stare at the ceiling, so I'm like, oh, those custom bells, look at us. More importantly, was that 30 seconds I just better write this, stare at the ceiling. We're going to church a lot now, because my doughnut is five, my wife thinks it's important. Four o'clock mess every Saturday. That's when we go to church. We're going to take the funnest day of the week and slice that shit right in a half. Even into summer! Come on, have you ever been in church and you can smell Bob Acuse? Why are you in church? Shit! We've been at the lake and my daughter and the lake and my wife are yelling, guys, come on, we gotta go to church! I'm running out of water, go and don't yell that shit out. Wow! Know how weird you sound? Even if Jesus was in the water, he'd be like, fuck it, we're not doing it today. Got a hot game of Marco Polo going on right here. The first time we brought my daughter to church, I don't shave that often and we walk in and there's a statue of Jesus with the beard and she looks up at the statue and she yells out, daddy! I think of my wife, I go to kid thinks I'm Jesus. My work is done. These priests not know we can't wait to get out of there. Like did they not know? Have we been so polite that nobody has ever told them? Because they show no sign of realizing we can't wait to get the fuck out of there. Right? It's amazing! Close my mind, I mean like, has anyone ever been in church where the priest goes church has ended and seen someone go, come on, no five more! Five more! Five more! We just want the bread and they just want the money. That's it. I need the body of Christ. Especially if you have a big week, it's like a rabbit's foot, it's good luck. I need the bread. I got a lot going on this week, I need the bread. That's the thing when you go to church, at least to my church and you go to get the body of Christ, the bread. There's two lines. One is the priest, another line is some guy in a men's warehouse suit. Never's just some dude in a cheap suit. And he's going out the bread too. I always tell my wife, don't get the bread from the guy in the suit. It's not as powerful. What is he even doing? Who is that guy, right? I've been coming out and be like, have you read a Benny Han and you got the Asian guy slicing up your food. Benny walks away and another guy walks up, hi I'm Keith, I'm going to be finishing up here. I'm not Keith, I need the guy with the pain, it's the whole thing, Keith, it's the whole thing. The guy in the cheap suit usually, the guy later run, gets the money. Churches do it two different ways. Some churches do a basket hand from person to person. That's a little more civil. My church does the stick on the end of the basket. So the guy does the line. And if you don't put in, he eyes balls you for two more lunges. I'll be back for you, I'll come back two more times. He's pretty stoked, don't they know we would go to church more often if they would show it in need man. I cursed in church last Christmas Eve. I literally cursed, I walked in it was a full choir that's not normally there. I see the whole choir and I go, oh shit. I'm going to write it as why you don't like the music. I go, no, I like the music if it's going to take away from the priest walk time. But if the music is going to be tacked on to the entire mass then shut the music down man, shut it down. If I was a priest I would do that, it's a little gift to my parishionist. Every once in a while I would have a really short mass. And you never know when it was coming. That's what would make it so exciting man, just be driving a church. I hope it's wanted a short one. I'm talking super short man, I'm talking five minutes before church starts. I'm looking at the author boy and the organ guy. I'm like start up the organ, get the bread ready. As soon as they come in we're going right into the bread. Imagine as soon as you walk in the priest is like this is the body of Christ. Everyone's like holy shit, keep your coax on. I'm going to be out of here in five minutes. I do a drive by with the bread once a week like a bank every Wednesday five to seven. He just pull up the whole family in a call like when you go to a right aid for drugs the priest I just get on to my company got in a car for give me four pieces of bread. I just handed through to call I bless the whole car for there you go. I ended up in a graveyard with my daughter. We had a let me cook this one. We're on a three bike ride. I have my daughter on the back of a little trailer hitch thing in my wife was on another bike. My daughter fell asleep and then I got a flat tire. So I told my wife, all right, I'll undo this. You take the bike back. I'm going to take her. She's still sleeping. I'll walk her through this old graveyard on the old cemetery. My daughter is still sleeping. I got her in this little back trailer thing on the bike. And then we get in a cemetery and I'm waiting for my wife. I don't even get to treat my daughter wakes up. Now when she fell asleep, she was on the back of a bike. That is no bike, no mom. She's in the middle of an old cemetery with big giant angel statues. And then she sees that dad sitting against the tree ten yards away. I couldn't resist man. I just looked at her and I'm like, we died. This is where you go and you wait for Jesus. My wife comes walking up. Hey guys, she's like, I said we died. My wife's like, what the fuck is wrong with you? What's wrong with you? Curse it in a cemetery. Get it together. Get it together. Oh man. I like the small town living though. Sure nice, Bex. I got a mouse. I had a mouse recently. You don't even see the mouse at first. That can't be the only one. I see the mouse droppling on the kitchen counter. I'm looking at my wife and I'm like, did you have a bagel? And you know it's not poppy seeds. You know it's not as you're saying it. The mice know this shit everywhere. I always wanted. Right? Like you think the mice are ever looking through the hole watching a set up the trap to like, they're setting up the trap again. How the hell they know we're out there? The other mouse is like, cause she's shit everywhere Phil. She's freaks. Why don't you just leave a goddamn map? Is that me? I don't even know what I'm doing. I need one of those things that the horses have in central park. That's what we do. We set the metal trap. We put a little peanut butter on the end of it. I'm talking 10 days straight. I wake up. Peanut butter gone. Trap's not snap. So I got to go to my local hardware store. I go see Tommy with a double E. That's what it tells you when you're meeting me. It's like, it's Tommy with a double E. I wasn't going to send you a Christmas card, but good to know. I told him my situation. He said the traps not snapping because my mouse was too light, which was a little hot that on the stand considering the mouse had gone through a jar and a half of Skippy peanut butter. You would think it would be a little carved up at this point. It must be on a little treadmill in between a sheet rock banging out three miles a day. He says, I got to put down a glue trap. Now, I don't know anyone in this room has ever used a glue trap to catch a mouse knows these glue traps need to come with a little warning sign that says, are you emotionally prepared to see this through? Do you understand? It needs to come with a diagram on the back showing a mouse wiggling. Did you just don't think about it? I come down the next morning and I see something I'm like yelling at my wife. It's a lot. My wife comes in with both looking at a wiggle and she's like, oh my god, we have to help it. That's what you say. I go, well, I mean, technically we're trying to kill it. That's what you mean, right? But helping you mean killing quickly is how would you mean? Then she goes, let's fill up the sink and then we'll dunk it in the water and the sink. I'm like, you want to waterboard the mouse? But she goes, God the hell with this and she grabs a knife and a butcher block. I've been married almost 20 years the entire time I thought my wife was Polish in this exact moment. I'm like, oh, this broad is Russian. She's been lying, man. Then she turns the knife to the doll side presses it against the mouse's neck and with her free finger she pets its head. While she euthanizes the mouse right next to the toaster. This is more than I signed up for on a Wednesday, man. A couple days later, I'm back in the hardware store. I see Tommy would have double-ed. He's like, you get a mouse? We got one. Is there kind of you know there's not more? I'm like, bro, even if there were more, once they all witnessed the execute. There's no more mice in Ferdinand. I'm an animal guy. Come on. I got married my dog. We had a dog. We had to bury it in our backyard illegally. We go out now every Christmas Eve. We start our tradition. We light a candle. We sing a few Christmas carols by the dog's grave. My father heard me say that too, right? He goes, when I die, he'd come to my grave every Christmas Eve in light of candle. If you're buried behind my garage, yeah. It's not forget the convenience factor going on here. The Christmas tradition. My wife loves Christmas. This past summer she goes, she literally goes, we have to start thinking about our Christmas card. We always make a funny Christmas card and she's like, it's going to be cold before you know it. Winter's coming. I'm like, listen, we got a thought thinking about a new roof. Prioritize. So the hack at this old Victorian house, my roof was such a nightmare that whenever there was like any kind of a wind storm, my roof shingles would end up in my neighbors yards. Like my one neighbor came over one day with all my roof shingles in a bundle. Kevin, my neighbor, Kevin's like, just, this will fell in my yard. I just want to bring you back to roof shingles. He leaves him a wife goes, that was so considerate of Kevin. I'm like, considerate, that was Kevin's way of saying, fix your white trash piece of shit. Ruth, are you kidding me? Read the room. My Kevin's back to his wife right now going, yeah, drop the shingles right on a fucking porch. If they didn't get the message now, they never will. So I call three different roofes to come take a look at my roof. It's got three different levels. This old Victorian, I'm not kidding you. Every one of these roofes in one form or another said my roof was too high. But the last guy, he didn't even get out of the truck. He just looks up and he goes, oh yeah, I don't go that high. I go, no bro, that's my line to you. I say, I don't go that high. So I called you. Can a roof even say that? Can I report that shit? Like if the roof was down here, I wouldn't need you. I would do it myself. Or I would call a flora. That would be like an exterminator coming out of your basement going, oh, it was a big bug. That dude a little bugs. Gotta call a big bug guy. Gotta call a big bug guy. I literally didn't know what I was going to do, right? Then my father-in-law tells me that he knows an old-time Amish guy that used to do roofs. He doesn't know if this guy still does roofs, but he's got a phone number. And he said, but when you call, you got to let the phone ring for a long time. They got one phone on a pole in the middle of their Amish community. And eventually somebody will come in today. I lived in New York City for 22 years now. My wife and I are calling an Amish guy. I'm telling like 24 rings. My wife goes, anything yet? Anything yet? By the way, am I talking? Am I fucking talking, Batman? I couldn't bite my tongue. I'm like, yeah, no, he picked up. I'm just ignoring him. But she goes, well, we're on it. How many rings are we on? I'm on 32 rings. I don't know. Is this a lie of rings? I don't want to hang up. And then talk to a guy who knows Amish people. And he goes, you hung up on 32 rings? No, it's got to ring like 50, 60 times. The Amish guy answered on like ring 38. 38 rings. The Amish guy answers like this. He goes, hello. Like it's a breezy Sunday afternoon. And he quoted on ring too. Just to, hello. If the 38 rings don't you expect someone to answer out of breath? Like, you know, oh shit. I was running through a cornfield. Let's go. I can't believe you let it keep ringing. Fucking hell. So I tell him my situation. He says he can come take a look at my roof. But you know, he can get to the Home Depot parking lot. I got to pick him up at the Home Depot parking lot. He's the level of Amish where he can't drive a motorized vehicle, but he could be driven in a motorized vehicle. Pretty convenient level of Amish to be. Sounds a little bit like built in an Uber from where I'm standing. How do we sign up for that shit? I love to have that being Catholic right? You're in a bar for them. Bill, you give me right home. I mean, I drive myself a fucking pope in the new rules and shit. So I hang up right away my wife goes, wait a go. You didn't figure out where you're going to meet him at the Home Depot. I go, well, I guess I'll just have to look for a guy dressed like a pilgrim. Come on. That guy's going to be in an Adidas tracksuit. Oh, there you are, but I didn't see you stretching open air. There he was with the hat and the overalls, the beard, the whole thing right? I guess in my 2006 Subaru Outback. It's like 72 degrees out, but I put the seat warmers on anyway. I turn the air condition on, radio on. I'm doing the wipe of fluid. Any technology I had, I was firing it off. Just my subtle way of saying, look at all this shit you're missing out on, God. What are you doing? It's crazy. Telling you, if I was driving a Lexus or BMW, but at the time I hit my driveway, he would say, I can't take it. I quit. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm, man, but I'm driving. I'm a guy too. It's like, I could have took me straight home. I went down Main Street, even though I didn't have to go down Main Street. But you got an Amish guy in the car. You know, that's like having a deer in the car. I just wanted to see one buddy to give me that look. It's, uh, it's okay. I see my buddy at the ball, and he'd be like, was there an Amish guy in the car? I saw it, I saw it, I wanted to see it. I saw it. He was in it, he was in it. I went pulling him to my house, right? Three roof is bail on this roof because it's too high. The Amish guy gets out. When I would skip in a beat, he looks up at my roof and he goes, you do have a ladder? That could get me all the way up there. I go, no man, I don't have a ladder that goes, hey, do a ladder that could get me up to your porch roof? I said, yeah, no, I got a ladder for that. So I get the ladder. It climbs up to my porch roof, right? Then he leans down, he grabs the ladder. He pulls it out, puts it on the roof and a porch. Climb up to the next level. Grab the ladder again. Holy shit. I can't even look at this point. My insurance doesn't cover this shit. I got a body who owns a car wash in town. He lets me throw stuff in his dumpster from time to time. That's what's going through my head right now. I'm like, if this Amish guy falls off the roof, I'm wrapping him in a top and I'm throwing him in a goddamn car wash dumpster. He's got no cell phone on him, he's off the grid, nobody's gonna know. It's no different than throwing a possum in the dumpster. Then he gets up to the top level of my roof and like a billy goat in seconds. He shimmies up to the highest peak of my roof, leans against the chimney and lights up a corn cob pipe. I go running into my wife and like, get the camera. We got the Christmas card. We got the Christmas card. Thank you so much for coming out guys. Thank you. You guys are the best. That's so much fun. You
A New York City family central presents Jimmy Carter. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE APPLAUSE Thank you. What a night. Check it out. One. Two. Two. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much indeed. I'm Jimmy Carter. I'm one of the biggest faces in British comedy. Literally, I've got one of the biggest faces. Look at the size of that. It's like the moon. Probably affecting your menstrual cycle, just being this close. LAUGHTER I had hassle getting out this evening. I had to organise a babysitter. I don't have children. I've just found the lot cheaper than escorts. LAUGHTER There's pretty much nothing they won't do for $40. LAUGHTER I've little smattering of applause for that. Well done, you. LAUGHTER When I told my mum I wanted to grow up and be a comedian, she said, you can't do both. LAUGHTER I'm from Great Britain, obviously. What makes Britain great is our ability to laugh at ourselves. And when I say ourselves, I mean other people. LAUGHTER And when I say laugh, I mean invade. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I met an American woman who told me she thought all Englishmen were repressed and uptight. I was angry. I was upset. LAUGHTER But I managed to hide it. LAUGHTER People asked me, what were you like at school? So I tell them, I was a little black girl. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER CHEERING It's about half of you laughing, half of you thinking, was he? LAUGHTER I saw a homeless guy getting off the bus. I thought, well, how does he know it's he's stopped? LAUGHTER LAUGHTER LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I had an amazing cab driver here in New York City. A cab driver, he was smiling and whistling clearly in a brilliant mood. He said, I love my job. I'm on boss. Nobody tells me what to do. I said, left here. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER You know when you go around to a friend's house for the first time and they say to you, did you find it okay? What do you meant to say? LAUGHTER No, I'm still lost. LAUGHTER I saw a thing in the paper about animal rights protesters being up in arms because guinea pigs were being used in testing. I thought the clue there is in the name. They're not calling them guinea pigs for nothing. That is what they're for. LAUGHTER A little slow but you got there and that's important. Well done. Well done, you. Creationists, the right-wing Christians, creationists believe every word Genesis says, I don't even think Phil Collins is a good drummer. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE What is it about being blind to make sure you want to walk the dog the whole time? LAUGHTER Surely the best thing about getting a face transplant would be turning up at the donor's funeral and going, Ooooooh! LAUGHTER You definitely would, come on. APPLAUSE Does anyone here know what you're meant to do if you're stung by jellyfish? Does anyone know? Pion it is exactly the right answer. Yes, if you get stung by jellyfish you're meant to pee on it. I didn't know this. I went on vacation and everyone told me if you get stung by jellyfish you're meant to pee on it, well I'll tell you this much. It doesn't work as well on shark bites. LAUGHTER The boys family were livid. LAUGHTER Apparently once they've been dead a couple of hours there is very little you can do. No. LAUGHTER A boy genuinely died just to make that joke funny. LAUGHTER Don't cry, it's just a joke. Although it was a joke about pissing on a dead boy. So don't, you know, maybe cry a little bit but don't get carried away. If you were offended by that, good luck with the next one. Do you know what you meant to do if you're attacked by a bear? You meant to play dead. It's exactly the right... If you get attacked by a bear you meant to play dead. Do you know why you meant to play dead? It's to get used to how you're going to be in a minute. APPLAUSE Do you know what you meant to do if you're attacked by a bear? LAUGHTER Piss on a bear. LAUGHTER You think you should piss on a bear for the attack you. You're like a walking advert for natural selection. LAUGHTER If a bear is coming at you, sir... ..and you whip it out... ..Mr Bear is just going to think, oh, an order. LAUGHTER Delicious. LAUGHTER My favourite story of the last year concerned a student. He was walking home late one night. He was drunk. This is his crime. He called a police horse gay. He saw a police officer on the back of a horse. He looked at the horse he went gay. Your horse is gay. Now, if ever there was a victimless crime, surely that's it. Calling a police horse gay for a start, there's nothing in the matter with being gay. Secondly, it's a horse it can't understand. Thirdly, even if by some miracle it could understand, I think a horse would be fairly, you know, okay, with being called gay. Because I think a horse would be fairly sexually self-confident. For a start, it's hung like itself. LAUGHTER But the police officer didn't let it go. Oh, no. He got off the horse and he arrested the young man. He fined him $100 for calling a police horse gay. I wish I'd been his lawyer. I would have got him off. Because in his defence the horse was standing naked on all fours in the middle of the street. LAUGHTER With a uniform man on his back that he's quite gay. LAUGHTER I'm not just a comedian, ladies and gentlemen. I'm also a thinker, a philosopher, if you will. And I'd like to share some thoughts with you. So I thought we might just change the mood a little bit in the theatre. Maybe a little bit of background music. Exactly the sort of thing. I'm going to have a little sit down for this. These are sort of jokes, but they're all kind of ideas as well. I just want to share them with you, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. Let's just get a bit of atmosphere in the room as well. Maybe a little bit of... You know, imagine we're in a smoky cafe, kind of... Yeah, we may have overdone it on the atmosphere there. I don't know if anyone in this production has noticed I'm not white snake. LAUGHTER Maybe a little bit too much smoke, but still we'll soldier on, shall we? What happens if you spill carpet cleaner? LAUGHTER If an amnesiac or Alzheimer's, would they forget they couldn't remember anything? LAUGHTER I worry about my grandmother. If she's alone in the house and she falls, does she make a sound? LAUGHTER Consider the positive. You're never alone with schizophrenia. LAUGHTER If you're schizophrenic and you're offended by that, you can both... ...f*** off. LAUGHTER I was in the airport. Those treadmills they've got are huge. LAUGHTER I'm not superstitious, but I read about this guy that fell out of the 13th floor window of a building, and he died. Spooky. I've had an idea for a shop selling used artificial limbs. It's called the second hand, second hand store. LAUGHTER A snail can travel over a razor blade without cutting itself. Or to put it another way, sometimes scientists get bored. LAUGHTER What was the best thing before sliced bread? LAUGHTER Bread knife? No, massive sandwiches. LAUGHTER If I owned an optician's store, I'd have them do the shop sign in a blurry font. LAUGHTER Confucius said, how do you know you're a man dreaming you're a butterfly and not a butterfly dreaming you're a man? How do I know I'm not a butterfly? I drove here, you f***. LAUGHTER There's a thin line between neighbourhood watch and becoming a vigilante, and it's a line you cross when you buy a cape. I was asked to describe myself in three words. I said smart, dynamic, intelligent, attentive. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER I saw a headline in the paper, it said, America faces crisis. I thought, what? You're running out of faces? LAUGHTER If you took all the Chinese people in the world and you laid them head to toe around the world, you'd ran about half of them. LAUGHTER So don't do that. A woman came up to me in the street with a clipboard, she said, could you spare a few minutes for cancer research? I said, all right, but we're not going to get much done. LAUGHTER Most people that get cosmetic surgery are disappointed with the results, but they look pleasantly surprised. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I bought my girlfriend a book called Cheap and Easy Vegetarian Cooking, which is ideal for her because not only is she a vegetarian. LAUGHTER I've got a friend, she's got a theory. She reckons the way to drive a man wild with desire is to nibble on easier lobes for hours and hours. I think it's nuts. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE Do you think strippers get home after a hard day undressing and think, oh, more work? LAUGHTER It's now 25 years since the Chernobyl disaster. Is it just me that surprised still no superheroes? LAUGHTER I was out last week collecting for a sponsored walk and in the end I managed to raise so much money I was able to afford a taxi. LAUGHTER Here's a frightening fact for you. If you took all the money that we in the West spend on food in one week, you could feed the third world for one year. Now, I don't know about you good people, but I can't help feeling. We're being overcharged for our groceries. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE Right, final thought. I had an out of body experience. I was beside myself. Quite enough of that, I think. APPLAUSE Have you ever looked at a check in a restaurant where it says service not included and thought, no, it wasn't, was it? I was staying in a hotel. I came down for breakfast. I said, I'll have a fully cooked American star breakfast pancakes bake in the fall bit. The waiter said, what room are you in? I said, it's the dining room. LAUGHTER Sex is always better in hotels. Have you noticed that ladies' gentlemen? Sex is always better in hotels. Why is that? Is it because it's with a hooker? LAUGHTER My girlfriend is always saying, you never tell me how much you love me. I don't want to upset her. LAUGHTER I don't know if anyone else gets this, but my girlfriend tells me about her day in real time. LAUGHTER I said to my girlfriend, I said, you shouldn't eat before you go swimming. She said, why is that? I said, you look fat. LAUGHTER I'm telling these misogynistic jokes, ladies' gentlemen, but I'm actually a fairly modern man. I've got no problem buying tampons, but apparently they're not a proper present. LAUGHTER Happy birthday, mum. LAUGHTER Said, super on the box. I don't know what you want it. Would you agree, ladies, that men are no good at stopping and asking for directions? Would you agree with that, ladies? No, I agree. I put my hand up like that. Men are no good at stopping and asking for directions. Of course, on the other hand, maybe we wouldn't have to if you could read a f***ing map. LAUGHTER I was chatting to a guy at a party. He said, what does your girlfriend do? I said anything but anal. LAUGHTER I'm joking. She loves it. LAUGHTER Women like to dance with men, because women instinctively know if they dance with a man, they'll be able to tell what he's like in the bedroom. And it is quite a good indicator. I tend to dance for about 30 seconds and have a bit of a cry. LAUGHTER I told my girlfriend my ultimate sexual fantasy was to have two women at the same time, and she agreed. But then she was livid when I told she wasn't either of them. I met a girl when I was single who had a twin, so I asked about the three way. You would, wouldn't you? I asked. She agreed. It was amazing, because if anything, her twin was better looking than her, and an all round great guy. LAUGHTER I'm thinking about getting a tattoo, ladies and gentlemen, I'm thinking about getting a tattoo just there, just above the speedos, just above the banana hammock, saying caution choking hazard. LAUGHTER Ages 18 and up. Make-and-tain nuts. Wetting your bed is embarrassing as a child, but as an adult, wetting a child's bed is mortified. Women think men will pee in the sink of the toilets busy. Do you think they're ladies? Bull-****. We'll pee in the sink of its nearer. On that same subject, I've got a little time-saving tip for the gentleman in the room, little time-saving for you. I don't wash my hands after I've been to the toilet. What I do is I wash my **** in the morning and then I'm good for the day. LAUGHTER So I can see the women are thinking, oh, please, and the men are thinking, why didn't I think about it? I saw a story in the local paper about an 84-year-old man marrying a 93-year-old woman. Is it wrong that I looked at that and thought, past not gonna last? I've got a friend she's being classified by her own doctor. She went to her own doctor. He classified her as being morbidly obese. That's an unnecessarily harsh term, isn't it? morbidly obese. As if she doesn't have enough on her plate. LAUGHTER She told me she had a thyroid problem. I said, what are you taking for that? Pies? LAUGHTER There are 10 million obese children in America today. 10 million obese children. Do you realise if they all jumped up and down at the same time? They might lose a little bit of ****ing weight. Of course, the environment is the big issue these days, isn't it? A carbon footprint is a metaphor for the mark you leave on the earth as you walk through your lives. Of course, I don't have one because I drive everywhere. LAUGHTER And it is twice as bad if you're Christian because you've got Jesus traipsing alongside you. LAUGHTER I fantasise about having sex with a gymnast. Not just but, sorry, that's more information than anyone wanted. I fantasise about having sex with a gymnast. Not just because they're really bendy and flexible and you could do loads of extraordinary positions. But also because I imagine they do a brilliant dismount. LAUGHTER They end up by the side of the bed like that. LAUGHTER And if they bend their knees even just a little bit, you can make them do it again. LAUGHTER I can see there are quite a few couples in. Have you all had the sexual history conversation? The sexual history conversation is the conversation that happens about six months into the relationship where the woman says to the man, I'd like to know about your sexual history. And the man says, oh, you **** wouldn't. But the woman just asks once and then move on. She keeps on asking and asking and asking until she gets the result. I had this recently, I was cornered, I had to have the sexual history conversation. I had to list every woman I'd ever been with. From the girl I lost my virginity to, right the way up to her. And that is where I should have stopped. Ladies and gentlemen, I've been Jimmy Carr. Thank you very much indeed. Thank you. APPLAUSE MUSIC MUSIC
From New York City, Comedy Central presents Daniel Tach. You guys are ready to go. I hope you don't mind if I just warm up a little bit first. Just do a couple of these. There you go. All right. You remember that exercise in P class? Have you ever done it in your life since? The answer's no. You ever woke up in the morning and said, you know what I need to do today? Some of these. Yeah. There you go. I feel great. Now the other way. Well, that's awfully tricky. We wonder why we have a way problem as a nation. I'm pretty sure this isn't cutting it. That's a great job. People applaud when I go to work. That's a lot better than your job. I mean, don't get me wrong. It's not like a rock star where people lose their mind screaming. Can you imagine that at your job going in? Hey, how's it going, Kelly? Listen, I'm going to need that memo on my desk by noon. No! Oh, no! I got something for you! Well, thanks, but I'm still need that on my desk. I don't even know what women do in there. That's witchcraft. That's voodoo as far as I'm concerned. It takes me two hands of parapliers, three hours later. I'm pleading for some teamwork. Now, like you can reach in here and grab your panties for crying out loud. The heck is going on down there? Do you have a magic midget running up and down your back on hook and stuff? What do you give me a cruton of any disappears? I don't know how the magic midgets work. I recently bought a pair of cargo pants. I don't even cargo. Yeah, they don't even check at the register. Anybody can buy those. They got all the pockets down the leg. Then one day I'm walking down the street and I said to myself, Daniel, this is not how your father raised you. You're wasting space. So I started to collect change from that day forward. Yeah, I have a five gallon jar at my house. I had to fill with change. I don't stop until I reach the tip top and the little bell goes off. And I know cargo pant day is here at last. And I dance. Yeah. And I put the cargo pants on with the belt extra tight because I don't want to have an embarrassing situation on such a great day. And I fill up all the pockets with the change and then I get a car alarm. Not a car alarm with the car, just the car alarm. And I hold it to my chest really closely. And then I go walk around the streets of Manhattan and I wait for the first homeless person to come up to me and say, Hey, you got any spare change? And I set the car alarm up. Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, you hit the jackpot, mofo. Oh, and then it started throwing all the change and that hurts, but he doesn't care because he wants, he's jumping up and down. I won, I won, called a pit boss. And I'm like calm down, smelly. I don't have to. It's under $400. And that's how October Fest started. Yes. That is a true story. Oh. Sometimes when I'm home alone, I feel sad and I feel like nothing in my life is going right. So I like to take a home pregnancy test. Yeah, that way I can order the phrase, hey, at least I'm not pregnant. And I realize better days are right around the corner. I'm not very good with people either. Even when I was little, my imaginary friend would play with the kid across the street. And I'd be like, hey, I guess we'll meet up later. And he'd be like, whatever, queer. That's not nice at all. Do you think it's trendy for young kids in Japan to get tattoos, words written in English? Do you think they're walking round over there? Hey, Kim, check this out. I just got it yesterday. It means love and water. Oh, that's sexy. No, I don't like tattoos. I know my generation loves to get them. I'm not a fan. My friends try to always sell me on them. They're like tattoos. That's an artistic expression. I'm like, wow, because it looks like a butterfly by the scooter. But I guess in your circle, that's art. I think if you're going to get a tattoo, just get one. The words I'm done. That's it. That way in 10 years, when you go, why did I get this? You can be like, no. I'm done. I mean, not talking. No more. Yeah. I live in Los Angeles. Girls in Los Angeles like to say this. I'm not religious, but I'm spiritual. Ooh, I like to reply. I'm not honest, but you're interesting. Yeah. All right. I know a lot of you think I'm kind of crazy. I am. I have voices in my head. But they speak in Spanish. And I have no idea what they're saying. That's irritating. I wish one of them would get a job. But they're my voices. Don't worry about them. What's a good time for me? I'll tell you. My favorite robe, some yogurt, and an episode of Trading Spaces. Oh, then I'm in heaven. Do you love trading spaces? I do. I would never be on that show, though. You want to know why? Because you have to trust your friends to decorate your house. You have not met my friends. They do not have my best interest at heart. Because it's always some over-the-top eccentric interior designer coming in going, Oh, my goodness. I love this place. This is what I'm thinking for your friend's house. Circus tent. Big circus tent. Do you think your friend would like a circus tent? Oh, yeah. He'd love a circus tent. No, no, no. Yeah. Once you go dig up the hardwood floors, get down to the dirt. That way the ponies will feel at home. Great. We're under budget. Now, I'm allowed to be a ass, and I should know. I've been there almost every time. But it's not my fault. I never got a bird's in the bee's speech as a child. I mean, the closest thing I ever got one time, my dad was cooking breakfast. He's like, son, you better listen up. Because I'm only going to say this one time. He was in the Fuji's. Thanks. Sex is a lot like this egg. I'm like, egg. A dad, I think that's drugs. Whatever, queer. Why is everyone saying that? Just listen. All right. First thing you got to do is heat up the bed. Real nice. Get it nice and warm. Get it ready for it. All right. Then you got to take her, crack her over the head, and layer out flat. All right. Come on now. Wait till she starts sizzling really good. Then you can flip her on over. There you go. Yeah. Oh, don't get too excited. You're gonna get yellow stuff all over the bacon. What's going on? Oh, that's a gross. No, it's not. That's a breakfast joke. That's the most important joke of the day. Yeah. If you don't laugh at that, you're going to get sleepy around 1130. And you'll be like, why am I so tired? Maybe not. I was dating this girl. She got a boob job, a breast enlargement. But she puts squeak toys in them. Yeah. And I'm like, She was a clown. So it's a tax write off. Ah, the floor is lava. I almost got burnt there. Well, yeah, you don't know that is fine. I don't care. That's a game I used to play as a child. The floor is lava. It's when you climb on all the furniture in your house and you couldn't touch the floor. Yeah, you might have called it something completely different, but it meant the same thing. You were poor. Yeah, because I remember going, mom, I would like an Nintendo. And she's like, the floor is lava. I'm like, what the hell is wrong with our house? Why can't we afford carpet? It's called two jobs, bitch. That's how I used to talk. I was very street. Maybe not. I'm going to be a horrible father. But I know this, and I don't have any kids. So I think it's pretty good. Trust me. I have a lot of friends. I'm going to make a great dad. Wow. Because you're a complete loser now. I'm not against responsibility. I'm actually looking into legally adopting a granddaughter. Yeah, because being a grandpa is cool, and it's really easy. That'll be awesome. I'll adopt some cute little 14-year-old girl. And she'll be like, hey, dad, thanks for adopting. I'll be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, I'm your grandpa. And she'll be like, oh, well, see you at Christmas. A couple of years ago, by she's in college, she comes home with some of her friends. I'll be like, hey, girls, once you come over here and sit on grandpa's lap. Then she'll be like, oh, grandpa. Because you never report grandpa from being creepy. Life is what you make it. Have you heard that? Yeah, do you live it? You don't. I live it. I have a great life. My friends think it's so much better than it really is. Why? Because I make it better. That's right. Do you want to know where I'm working next week? Hawaii. Yeah. I'm going to be in Hawaii. All right, really? I'm going to be in New Bern, North Carolina. Yeah, but in my mind, I'm going to Hawaii. And you can do it too, and it is a lot cheaper. Anytime you're going someplace that you don't want to go, just pretend you're going to Hawaii. Pack a bunch of flowered shirts, jump off the plane. Be like, oh, hi, everybody. Where's my lay? You're in trouble. Order tropical drinks all week when you get home and friends being like, hey, we've never been to Hawaii. How was it? I just be like, oh, those are all right. I even took my girlfriend last week to Paris the whole time. She's like, this looks a lot like Birmingham, Alabama. And I'm like, shut up, Britney Spears. And she's like, quick calling me Britney Spears. And I'm like, no one talks to the rock like that, bitch. Yeah. Which is really funny because I don't have a girlfriend. That was just some lady on the butts. She did not smell what I was cooking. Have you guys flown since 11.9? I'm European. It's not fun to fly. I have one of those cell phones with the earpiece that hangs straight down. So when you talk, you can get crazy. Everybody eavesdrops in your conversation. They don't want to. They're forced to because you project right out of the air. So when I get a phone call at the airport, I'll admit it. I like to have a little fun. Go ahead. Gate 47 is completely clear. People notice in a hurry. Honey, something's going on. That guy has a wire hanging down. Maybe we shouldn't be standing right. Stand down, blue team. Honey, there is a sting going on here at the airport. I am not feeling safe. Please, let's stand down. Pull on the suspects approach. He's in a business suit with the briefcase. I repeat the briefcase is in his hand. And I find some random business man. I run. I just beat the crap out of him. Everybody starts clapping. Thank you for making our airways safe. And then I go get on my plane. And that guy's just got a weird story to tell for the rest of his life. Yeah. He's like, I'm never going back to Los Angeles again. I was at the airport a couple days ago and this guy came out of nowhere. And he just beat me up. And everybody just clapped. What is wrong with those people? I think boxers are the greatest athletes in all sports for the simple fact that they don't cry. That is mind blowing. Have you ever been punched in the nose? Oh my gosh, it hurts so bad. They have to go back to a corner where some little man yells at him. Shut up, I just got punched in the face. Yeah, I know dodging punch for it is a very simple concept. If I was a boxer, you know who I would hire for my corner man? My mom. At least she could make me feel good on the inside. I don't want to fight anymore. Who's my big boy? You are. Yes, do you want me to call his parents? No. Okay, then dry those tears. Pussy, that's why dad left. Cannibalism is a horrible scenario. I'm not going to argue with you. But if you had to eat another human being to survive, do you think they taste like their ethnic background? Do you think Mexicans are spicy? Do you have dab chips and salsa before you bite into one? You can start laughing now. I'm going to do everybody in here. Chinese people, are you hungry 30 minutes later for more? Let's go, everybody, black people. Taste like chicken. All's fair, all's fair, white people. All right, you don't eat white people. I'm sorry, I don't make the rules. Do you at least understand why I am the joke that way? Because it's so funny to make a room full of white people uncomfortable. Obviously, we laughed at black people. Taste like chicken, because we kind of thought you were going to throw one in our direction. And now you pretty much hung us out to dry. It's just a joke. What if that joke is the reason I don't get into heaven? I got to get up to heaven and find out God's black. And he comes walking up to me. That joke won't even fucking come and taste something black. People taste like chicken. White people taste like macaroni and cheese, bitch. All right, calm down crackers, this ain't a rally. I don't want anyone getting the wrong idea. I know that, that God's using that kind of language. I'm a stereotypical voice I use for an African American, I apologize. How many black comics have you heard in your lifetime go, you know white people? How about how are you? Good, Tom, bitch, bitch. I don't sound like that at all. That's very offensive. I did that joke one night and of course, a white lady came running up to me after the show. She goes, what gives you the right to do jokes about black people like that? I'm like, listen lady, my best friend is Cuban and that's close enough. Yeah. She was like, oh, I'm sorry. Does everybody have their WJD bracelets on? Do you know what that is everybody? What would Jesus do? They're not magical. They're just a reminder to be a better person, to live a better life. That's true. Because I was wearing my bracelet recently and I was in the movie theater. This guy's cell phone went off. Don't you just hate that? Yeah, and I'm like, mm, mm, and then he picked it up. Hey, how's it going? I'm in the movie. And I'm like, hey, get off the phone. And he's like, mind your own business. And I almost went crazy. But then I looked at my bracelet. What would Jesus do? So I lit him and fired and sent him to hell. Yeah. I did. I'll be honest, I felt a lot better afterwards. Those things work. Money doesn't buy happiness. That phrase should end with just kidding. Good. I'm not a good sport. I'll admit it. I don't enjoy watching other people succeed. That's why all my best friends are in the seventh grade. But you can do it too. It's great for your esteem. No matter what they come, oh, I got an AMI paper. Oh, I have a car. I don't like game shows. I don't like watching people win money. I'm a year in my life, so my next door neighbor knocks on my door one day. Hey, Daniel, get out here. I just want the lottery. Oh, I'm out of here for good. Hold on. Have you told anybody yet? No, you're the first one. Yeah, I don't know if you can cremate someone in a gas fireplace, but I'll find out. And these game shows giving away millions of dollars who wants to watch that. I like a game show with millionaires on it. And they have to play with their own money. And they can't win money. They can only lose until one of them goes completely broke. Yeah, and the show's called, Ha-ha, not your poor. I watch that show every day. What time is it? It's Ha-ha not your poor time. That's the dance you do when it comes on, I guess. You know, the worst television, MTV, I can't stick. Music television. They call it that. They don't even play music. How's that legal? What if everybody did that? Hey, thanks for calling New York Pizza. Yeah, give me two large pepperoni pizzas. We don't sell pizza. What? No, we just have raccoon hats and eye patches. Call a bookstore if you're hungry. They haven't show an MTV that I can't stand. Cribs. You ever watch Cribs? Yeah, that show should be called Want to Feel Like a Failure. A little bow wow has an S series. That's not right. I'll tell you what though. Fiverrgett really famous. I promise you the greatest Cribs episode of all time. Oh, you can trust me on this one. I'm going to hire universal studios to come over to my house. Build an extension of caves and corridors that go from my bedroom to the bathroom. That way every night when I wake up to go pee, the adventure begins. So I wake up, right? I'm like scared and nervous and I have to go and the camera crews follow me. And I'm like, ooh, and I hire Vin Diesel to hide and jump out and scare me and sword fight me. And he's like prepared to die. And I'm like calm down you over actor. I'm paying you to lose. And he's like, oh, and then I kill him and there's a princess tied up. And she's like, thank you. I've been here for so long. I'm at no time for talk. You got a tinkle. Let's run. We start going. The walls start closing in. Yeah, there's doors going down and rocks everywhere. We have to go across an old rope bridge. But halfway across the rope bridge, the bottom one sets on fire. And it snaps and she falls. But I got her with one arm. Yeah. I know people are slipping, but she's looking up at me going, I'll never stop loving you. Close up a my eyes and close up on her eyes and close up a my eyes, quote. And then she falls. And I'm like, why? Why? I snap out of that. I got to pee like a race horse. Back up onto the rope. I get to the bathroom. I pull my pajamas down because I sit down and pee like a girl. And I'm at my house. It's my house. I feel more comfortable that way. Don't judge me. The Bible says not to. But as soon as I sit down, a hologram with my dad pops up. And he's like, Daniel, this is your father. Make sure you look behind the shower curtain before you're too late. A dragon comes from behind the shower curtain. Yeah, it's going to spray me with fire. But I rip the medicine cabinet off right. Me or Qing, Qing kills a dragon. Then I go to the bathroom. And I go back to bed. No one even knows I added these extensions onto my house. It's top secret. My maid comes running in. Daniel, Daniel, what was all that's ruckus? And I'm like, oh, hell, it was nothing. Now get back to your quarters. And she's like, mm-hmm. Then I roll over and stare at the camera crew and I go, shh. And the camera goes back onto Vin Diesel's body. Close up on his face. And then his eyes open. Did you get chills? Yeah. Let's see P Diddy top that crib. Thanks a lot, you guys. You
Alright, are you ready for your headliner, Tom? How many clubs? Awesome! You know from the dollar contest, please let the hands get us a dance rinno! Alright, here we go. Showtime. What are we dealing with tonight? Who are these people? Moha. Blue. Noted. On their phones. Sisters? No. Is that... These two are trying to be in your deal. Is that my brother? No, no, no, no, I hear... No? I hear a few people. Okay, now, touch. Thank you, miss. Two people said Garrett, Thrusty said Gary. Yeah, there's no material this evening. So if it's garbage, you know, that's partially your fault. So when I like that, I feel good about that. Together? Yeah, alright. Doesn't feel super romantic right off the bat. Feels going good? Going alright, yeah, it feels like it's going alright. Feels like the right answer. It's going, now he's holding her hand. He's like, come on, baby, let's pretend. Come on. Be the beard you promised you'd be. You said you'd fulfill that rule. How did you meet? Work. Work. What is work? Your gardeners. Gardeners for the city. So this is taking on a bit of a porny vibe, honestly. A couple of gardeners like Adam and Eve kind of. Just sort of... We met in a garden. And then, can I... I would like to picture that one day you sort of parted some shrubs, miss, and you were like, who the fuck is that? I'll drink a water over there. A man, Mirage, or is that from Mama? And then what's the first move? You're like, you like Wack and Weeds, huh? How long have you been together? Four and a half years. Okay. Marriage, maybe? Okay. Oh, I like that you're acting like you're in the passenger seat of this, sir. I hope so. You never know if it's possible. You never... It's impossible to tell, isn't it? Right? All right. Well, that's cool. Won't get for you. Is sharing the animals and anything like that? Wrong. Okay. I'm going to... Sometimes you go one question too far in this stuff, and that's... That's just kind of how it is. You're like, I'll ask one more question. You're like, any animals? And he just like a gun on his hips at frogs. What a gardener pet frogs. Yes. How many frogs I must know? Four? One for each year we've been together. Each year we get another frog. Like rings in a tree. How long have you two been together? We'll go count our frogs. You're right. Sorry, I asked. Wow, five years. That's great. We don't know if it's possible. Huh? The fuck? Good for you. That's hot. Turned on by that, sir. Yeah, it's hot, right? Yeah, a little frog love. Yeah. You're holding hands. Were you holding hands before I started talking to them? Did you realize once I started ripping on him, you're like, give me that fucking hand. Give me the hand. Give me the hand. Oh, there we go. How did you two meet? Eight, eight, eight, four years ago. Okay, and when I said how did you two meet and you answered with a number, what happened there? I didn't say how many frogs have you been together. I said how did you two meet? Eight frogs. We've been together for eight frogs. How's that so? Together? No. Friends? Yeah. Friends? How did this, what's that? We are entrepreneurs from Central Valley. You're entrepreneurs from Central Valley. Entrepreneurs is my favorite job. That's like, sometimes you go on like dating apps and that'll be someone's job and you're like, unemployed, okay? I'm an entrepreneur. Sure you are. Yeah. So are you entrepreneurs who work together? No. You're separate entrepreneurs across so you one would think that this should not be a friendship. Entrepreneurs across the street from each other, this feels like it should be rivals. You guys know that somebody's already beating you to that territory, right? To me, entrepreneur, maybe it's just my version of entrepreneurs is like an inventor to some extent. You're not bad. You just have a record place and you a pizza place and you guys are like, we both sell circles that people like. This can work. And is that what your entrepreneurship is based on? Your pizza and your records? Yes. So I just not to dig in too deep. But one would think that you were just people who ran businesses. Okay, then your business owners. Now what about this? Takes you from the level of business owner. This is what happens when you're in San Francisco. You're like, I actually, I've invented business. Okay? I'm not getting laid after owning a pizza shop. I'm an entrepreneur. And then is that how you met across the street? You're like, this son of a bitch is a real entrepreneur. Records, nobody's ever heard of this idea before. Is that what happened? We just drink beer. We're out all, yeah. The simplest way to get one of my crowds on your side is good. We have drinking crowds. It started off weird, but then they want me over with their drinking issue. You're giving up strong. You don't want to talk to me energy, sir. And that, for me, makes me want to talk to you. You're masked and you're shirt matched. You're looking away every time there's a law. You're like, don't look at him. And then his vision is based on movement. He will not be able to pick up on you. What do you do for work, sir? Unemployed. Okay. All right. You know, sir, I've got a solution to that. Just say you're an entrepreneur. You don't need to say that anymore. You're an entrepreneur. Together? Yes. Yeah. How long? We didn't have three to have. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah. Meet how? An app. That's how people do it these days. It's especially in this fucking town. That's how these guys met. Yeah. They met on bump up credentials. Which one? Which app? Coffee meets the... I'm sorry. What the fuck is it called? Coffee meets bagel? All right. There's officially too many dating apps. One of them is called coffee meets bagel. I know how it happened. You were the only two on it. And you're like, oh, fuck. Someone else is on this shit. The headquarters of coffee meets bagel. We're like, guys, you're not going to believe this. We've got a second person signing up. Has anyone here ever heard of coffee meets bagel? Jesus Christ. What a sad town. What a sad, sad town. Did anyone else here meet on coffee meets bagel? Well, that's interesting, isn't it? I can tell it's going well, too, because you two just high-fived. Which is the sign of a couple in love. Fuck yeah. So how many options are you giving a day? So they give you two... Women get more than men? No, maybe not more than men. How many do you get a day? Ten. And you got what like five? What the fuck? It's just like how the economy works kind of. They're just like women get half as much. That's what... That's equality in America. And that's what we're going to go with. There we go. Fair, fair, fair. Okay. All right. It sounds like dog shit. I'll be honest. I really... I'm happy for you, too. And then, have you deleted coffee meets bagel since? Yeah. Yeah, you know. She hasn't acknowledged. She hasn't answered the question, sir. You answered the question immediately. Like, oh yeah, it's gone. She was like... Women get five. That's official. I appreciate it. Anyone have a weird story of how they met? Anyone got a crazy story outside of that? Weird job? Yeah, what do you got? So we met at a concert where we both went to the concert. And we were like, oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So we met at a concert with two obligatory guys here where we both went to the concert and the appropriate speakers. Yep, right. Yep. And then the boyfriend and girlfriend, two weeks later, we'll be like, hey, I met his person at the concert and then they introduced us. What the fuck? So you independently go, then your significant others meet each other at the concert, what, how? Really? They were standing on the rail. Her boyfriend, he could move so that my girlfriend could get a better view. And then he was like, yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Should I fuck her? Yeah, you want me to move so she has a better view? What if I just fuck her and take her away from you? Is that a good plan too? How about this? I'll do you one better. I'm going to start dating her. And, yeah, is that good for you? Yeah. Yeah. No problem. No, she deserves a better view. And a better relationship. She deserves a lot of better shit. I'm going to give it all to her. Man. The butterfly effect of that, you're just like, can she see a little bit better? Mm-hmm. Fuck. Okay. And then, so they break up with you. We broke up with them. Well, to be fair, sir. I don't know. It's quite a political way of saying it. I'm the contrary. We broke up with them. On account of we don't like when our significant others fuck other people. So I ended it. Okay. So they broke up with them. I like that you're sure about that. We broke up with them, asshole. I don't get broke it up with you guys. Were you meeting up to sort of commiserate over how silly that was? No. No. And then realize who we were. Oh, you? Was it coffee meat donut? And he's like, please. She's like, I knew you looked familiar. I only saw ten men on the mother bugger. I remember them all. So you matched on the app, then you went out. And then, do you, are you, I mean, by the way, this is like NBC right now is like, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Is there, do you ever see your ex significant other? No, you're done with them. Not now, no. No. Well, yeah. I know at the time you did. Then you made the terrible move of asking for someone to scooch. How long, how long ago was that? That was three years ago, 2019. Fucking, that's so crazy. And you two, are they still together? No. They broke up. They only went on one date. They went on one date. We were the ones that got together. So they threw it all away for one date. They broke up because they wanted to go out so bad because of the rail thing. And well, yeah. Not for everybody. That's fucking, nobody can beat that, right? Yeah, everyone's like, no fuck that. That's a pretty good one to be totally honest. Mohawk. Good day to you. Is it a blue mohawk? Yes, it is. Nice. I made him diet fresh tonight. You, wow, sounds like a great relationship you found yourself, Inzer. Diet fresh for the night ass hole. We're going out. He's like, but I'm a rebel. Diet. I don't like blue. It's my mood hair. I'm feeling blue like my moho. How long you had a moho, sir? Since 1992. Holy shit. Yeah. Look, you statue of liberty. I have the king of the audience. What's never, never shaved it? Never gone for court twice. That tracks. Right, they're like, yeah, they're like, well, he's just a skinhead. He can live in America. He's okay. What did you go to court twice for? And, sir, to not either you don't remember or it's pretty bad. She's like, you don't remember it. It's for my ex-later. And then you took all that money from that gasket. You don't remember Mary? I mean, I am. You might not want to say. She's like, I got it. Don't worry. I got receipts for this motherfucker. He dies in blue because he knows I know where the bodies are buried. Diet blue. I fucking call the FBI. I got it right. 911. Diet blue. That's what I thought, motherfucker. You don't have to say what you went to court for. There's been many reasons. Well, so there's been more than twice that you've gone to court. Other times you wore the mow-off. I have fun with the mow-off. So you've gone to court a lot of times since 1992. Yes. Okay, I love you. I appreciate your honesty tremendously. I'm enjoying it. Okay. So, yeah, okay. Well, we don't know what he went there for yet. You guys might be killed in a parking lot later. So, might be one entrepreneur down. He's going to be like, shit, where's my record buddy? One shop owner dead. Well, it's not him. My buddy's an entrepreneur. Can't be him. I was worried. I was missing Dan for a while. But he's an entrepreneur. And did you find the treatment from the judge different with the mow-off? Yes. They don't like the mow-off. It's interesting. It's interesting. It's interesting. It's interesting. Are you finding a lot of this out for the first time? Missed you seeing? Okay. This is our second time dating in three years. This is your second time dating in three years. So, you mean you had a dating and then... Wait a minute. Do you know those two people right back there? Did they look familiar? Miss, were you? Did you want a better shot at a concert? Were you like, can you get him to scooch? He's like, were you scoo... Oh. Okay. So you... I walked up to a near-deep party and I was a really hot guy with crazy boots and a mow-off. And I was like, he's a very good guy. Did I laugh? And Matt's on Tinder. You be cladered and he's like, did you still live here for my friends near-deep party? Yes sir. Nobody likes an initiation like that more than me. Instead of being like, hey, how's your weekend going? Did you just start off with the juice deal liquor from my friends party? What prompted the initial break up if that's too much you can tell me to fuck off? You were both drinking too much. Did you take liquor from the near-yers party? Sir, do you think she did? So... I don't know, let's go. By the way, you can tell he's been to court a bunch. He's like, just one more thing you're on her. So the evidence that I have... The evidence listed in the year, you're like, I've been to court what this day my first rodeo. Being a friend brought four bottles of champagne to this party. It was the only champagne at the party. Nice. Her and her friends show up, they hang out for 40 minutes, they leave. We go to pop the bottles, there's only three. I run into her on Tinder with an a week, and a first sentence on her Tinder profile so that she liked three things. I forget what the first one was. It was something, breakfast burritos and champagne. The defense rest, your honor. The defense rest. Miss, it's not great. I mean, it's really... Did you have any relationships when you took the break in between the three years? Oh, yeah. Wow. Relax, sir. Jesus Christ. I was like, sort of. He was like, fuck yeah. I mean, I really... I put my coffee in the donut. You know what I'm saying? I really... Together? You've considered it. So, yeah, I like that she's like, that's so scandalous. My blue mohawk boyfriend lives in a courtroom, but what you said is shocking. As a bottle of champagne drops for under a shirt and smashes. Okay, fine, I fucking took it. Okay, fuck. And I stole the breakfast burrito and whatever the first thing is. You're the real tender swindler. That's what you are. How did you two me? Don't nudge each other. That's not... Shit, you tell him. Fuck you, you tell him. 32 frauds ago. 32, so you've been together for 32 frauds. Yeah. Isn't it nice that you have now created a system of years? 32 frauds and nobody laughed. Everyone was like, oh, that's so long. 32 frauds. How many frauds you've been married? 22. 22 frauds married. Wow, Jesus Christ. How did you meet? Love it, fuck. Love it, second sight. You're not getting late tonight, sir. I'm not going to lie to you. Judging on her reaction, she was like, no, no, no, no. You're going to wait half a frog until we fuck again. Anyone hammered? Woo! Yeah, hammered. How did you two meet? Oh, okay. Yeah, that'll teach you to be enthusiastic, won't it? She's like, fuck, I just want to say I was drunk. What the fuck? No. Are you together? Yes. How? No. No, that's the go-to. Women are... We are together. No, we're not. I mean, we sometimes drink wine and kiss. I'm sorry, I've said too much. Sometimes happens. She just gave you a job. She gave you a job. What job did she give you? Us. Easy does it now. Easy does it. Scientists. Scientists? Yeah. You're both scientists? Yeah. He's fucking out of here. You see him? He's like, scientists, portion of the show. Take back a camera, motherfucker. I'm going to go. We're going to beat up a guy in an hour. Now, here's where you see how dumb I am. As I attempt to have a conversation with scientists about science. What kind of scientists? All of them nucleotides. Oh, okay. I know actually know a lot about all of you. I know you're going to do the nucleotides. That's amazing. Is it true that around you, you know, you're going to have a conversation with scientists about science? Is it true that around five o'clock the nucleotides get a little lower? Excuse me? Six, around six? Yeah. Okay. No, no, I'm having fun. But ocluonucleotides, that's awesome. I was actually reading an article recently about nucleotides. Tell me what you think about this. Because a lot of people think that nucleotides are not as prevalent as they were about 10 to 15 years ago. Do you? Are you noticing that there is a sort of a scarcity to the... I pronounced it perfectly and dropped the fucking thing slippery as shit. I don't know what happened. Wouldn't you think it maybe is it? You put it in the... You put it in the aglio? Sure. Yeah. The nucleotides go in the aglio. Yeah. Absolutely. The fuck is the blue mohawk guy? I really... It's been gone for like an hour. I feel like I miss him. He was like, we were on the same page. What did you do before COVID? What was your calling? What the fuck did anybody do before COVID? I don't know. Can't have this testing model? I wasn't even asking you, but okay, great. Yeah, I was talking to her. Yeah. She was in college. Okay. Don't get pissed off at her for being in college. She was in college. Talk to me, motherfucker. I worked and we... So you were working in cannabis. He's right back. As soon as cannabis comes up... As soon as scientists was said, he was gone. As soon as cannabis was established, his ass was back in the seat. I think you just crawled under the table for a little while. Together, friends? We live together. Live together. Is there any hint of hooking up or no? You're just platonic roommates, yeah. Is it just YouTube? Oh, God. If she wasn't sober. If she wasn't sober, it might happen. So in other words, you need her to grease the wheels a little bit to make a move. What an amazing position you're in where you like fall off the wagon and I'll hook and take advantage of you. Come on! How long have you been off the booze? I quit right before the pandemic. Well, smart decision. Yeah, honestly, great call. Because if you feel like you're teetering and then you go to the pandemic, like the pandemic opened me up to drinking on levels where I was like, I'm living like Winston Churchill right now. This is not... I'd be like, nothing wrong with a gin moutini before a 2 p.m. bath. Buddy, get your fucking shit together. What was your drink of choice? Wine. Wine, yeah. Well, it's also dangerous. Also dangerous, because you can be like, you're like, I didn't drink too much. Just two and a half bottles. Hmm. Man, I'm okay. And what are you drinking? Oh, I also like wine. You like wine. Well, that sucks for her. She's just sitting behind you like, how is it? Describe it to me. Like, you could kiss a little off my tongue if you wanted. Suck some tan and zovamamas. What do you whispering about, sir? Sir, what did you just whisper to her? You drink is too strong. What an amazing complaint. She's like, I got your back, motherfucker, bring it over here. Not a problem I had. Alone? Yeah. Oh, they put you over in the corner. They were like, do you have anyone with you? You're like, no, they're like stasher. If I'm going to look at it negatively for myself, it was that you couldn't find anyone to come to my show with you. And that's the reality, isn't it? Are you alone? Get the fuck over there. Huh? Or do you want to go over there? This is how friendships happen. There we go. Miss, take the long way, really. Make it as long. I feel like a price is right at the crowd. You're the next concessant on the friend is right. There you go. Fuck yeah. There we go. Magic. Fucking beautiful. And you're like, I actually like to sit alone, to be honest, sir. You left your purse over there just in case. Smart, I hear there's not a lot of crime in this town. So that's a good call. By the way, you know who's over there, right? Fucking Blue Mellhawk is right over there. You're not going to see that fucking purse again. Are you kidding me? That's champagne money to those two. What do you do, miss? Hair dresser. Hair dresser, okay. What about you? Boyer. Okay. By the way, yeah. Does he look familiar? No. I guess I could ask you the same question. Does he look familiar? No. I'm not sure. The perfect coupling for this gentleman here. The two things we've talked about with you are represented right over there occupationally. What do you do? I work with hair and you. I know him from court. Okay. All right. All right guys, I appreciate you all coming out for real. Thanks so much. Thanks, let me talk to you. I appreciate it. You're the rest of it. Thank you. Thanks guys. Bless your heart. I'll see you next vlog. Hey. You
Yeah, y'all see them in a lot of fucking movies. This month, fuckers, blowing up, blowing up, blowing up. Recently from DC, living in New York, living in late everywhere, this month, fuckers bad. Giving up for my boy, Dave Shepard. Hey, damn, man. Back on the jam again. What's up, y'all? Feeling good? I feel delicious tonight. Man, check this out. I was counting my money today. And then all of a sudden, you have to do this, fellas, you're like, count my, you feel good, and you just want to call up my old girlfriend. Just like that. I'm going to say, you know what? I'm going to say, you feel good. I'm going to say, you feel good. I'm going to say, you feel good. I'm going to say, you feel good. Call up my old girlfriend. Just a glotin' shit. I call up my girl. I got all nervous in my stomach. Just like I used to when I called her. I went scared of her. Sir punk ass mother. Every time I called the house a mother answer the phone. Mean as shit. Hit out. I put on my best phone manners. I'm high. How are you? May I speak to Shirley, please? Who is? Oh, this is David Chappelle. Yeah. Hold on. Motherfucker. Shirley! Call up my old, you little slut. What? Oh, hello? Yes? Shirley's taking a shit. She'll call you back. Click. Oh, my goodness. There are four white people in the audience tonight. I've never seen someone like you. Hey, how you doing? I know you're all my feel uncomfortable right now. You know, only white people here. But you're not in any of that a- What? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? It's all right. They know you were me, so it's an anger fucker. Racist remarks, boys. I don't feel uncomfortable being in my- That's like a small, small taste or was like to be a black person. Like, I know you've been here tonight just tripping like, damn. Keep calling each other nigger. Wow. I don't know why the black people called each other. They may as black people. How many black people in this audience tonight would be angry if they were called a nigger by anyone other than a black person? By round of applause. You see, I used to be just like, yo, I used to get mad. But let me answer your question. Who decided the word nigger would make black people mad for the rest of history? How did they come up to that? Did they have like a big meeting back in the 1600s? Order! Order! We need to figure out a name. To call those black people with fan over there in Africa. The floors now open for suggestions. Baba. Why don't we call them winners? Blaners, winners. I don't know. Why don't you use it in a sentence for me? All right. Get off my goddamn porch, you winner! No, I'm sorry, I don't like it. Remember, gentlemen, they have those big penises. We don't want a flat or a mud, try to offend them. Keep a die-ranking, Tarah. Ezekiel. Ezekiel, get it on. Why don't we call them no-gooders? No-gooders. No-gooders. Let me try. Get off my porch. You know-gooders. I'm sorry. Doesn't quite blow off Matung correctly. No, no, no, no. Tell me the syllables. Ah, Ebenezer. Ebenezer, I don't like it. Why don't we call them winners for short? The whole meet and win craze. Wickers, wickers, wickers, wickers, wickers, order! Order! Let me try it out in a sentence first. Get off my porch. You nigger! Sounds beautiful. Oh, the possibilities up against the wall nigger! Pick that cotton nigger. This cab don't go to Harlem because we don't trust figures. I don't trust figures. Some deep shit, right? People always think racism is one side. Some people have little racist attitudes towards white people too. I don't know, man. I'm gonna tell you the truth when I was little. I used to think all white people were happy. Just to be white. I thought you all sit around fucking hell, you're white. Taxi, eh! Just check them. Boom, get out. Thank you. Get out. Dase a pair. See you. Give another round of applause. You have a good time listening to us niggers? That motherfucker, uh, clever ass, funny ass shit. Now, now it's time to say goodbye to all my nigger friends and bring up the hidden nigger and child you paid a bills. It's some different man. You wanna say something different? Thanks for coming out. God bless. Good night.
I'll try to come, I'll be there. I'm out of the mood. I'll be taking it up. I'm ready. Oh! Tonight I'll be great. Woo! Oh, so good. Oh, wow! Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Andrews and Zina. Hey Boston, how are you? Fantastic. It's so good to be here. You have to excuse me if I'm a little tired. I'm not getting a lot of sleep lately because I'm a human being. And I never trust someone that does get good sleep. When I meet a guy, he's like, I get like 9 or 10 hours of sleep a night. I'm always like, oh, cool. You don't have worries and stuff. You don't have anything. How do you sleep at night? Honestly, how do you get to sleep at night? I would love to know. I am falling in and out of not being able to get to sleep. And the biggest issue I'm having is outside of my bedroom window, there's a tree. And inside the tree is all the birds in the entire world. All the birds in the world were like, let's go to the tree! And they all came. And they're like, you want to wake them up all the time and yell. And they're like, yeah, that's so fun. How fun! To ruin this guy's life. They chirp as loud as they can at around three or four in the morning. I mean, they, at the top of their little lungs, which I would love to pop one by one. It's like bubble wrap. I want to go down the road like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But they yell. And so here I am at four in the morning googling how to kill all the birds. And Google's like, I have no idea. I don't know. You're crazy. And I got in an internet wormhole. You know how you get like a wormhole. And you're like, how am I on the Home Depot website? How did that, then I just by lawn furniture? I don't have a lawn. How did I get here? But I saw this subcategory and it said, in this part of Southern California, this particular bird, it's high mating season. And I was like, oh, that's right. The bird call is their mating season. We all know that. You know, like that's, that makes perfect sense. I can't believe I missed that. But I thought the nerve of this dude, like the nerve of these guys, that I have to wake up at four in the morning because they want to wake up at four in the morning to just go, all right. I want some dirt, come on. Come on, come on. Peek, peek, pee, peek, peek, peek. Peek, peek, poop, peek, peek, poop, peek. Peek, peek, poop, peek, poop. Peek, peek, peek, pee, peek, pee. No, come here. Peek, peek, peek. That's just what that guy gets to do. That's what that man gets to do. Just scream it out loud. scream it out loud, and then he just gets to wait. He realizes he just gets to sit there and wait, until a female bird catches literal wind of it, flying by and goes, oh yes, and what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, she flies to him, they make it the love. That's how they do that. Brilliant creatures. What are we doing talking to one another? What a waste of our time. We should just walk into a barn, be like, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, what a f***ing, no, no, no, no, fine, fine, fine, fine, and then go home. Right. Right. I don't know, I'm just getting irritated as I get older. The more people I meet, the more people I hate. Kind of my theory. You know when you hold a door for somebody, and they don't say thank you, and you're like, oh, cool, I should just be able to kill you now. I should just be able to take you out. We don't need you anymore. I held the door for you. You didn't say anything? I should just be able to have a leather pouch with stones in it. And no thank you? Okay, sounds good. That's what you get. That's what you get. That's what you get. You say thank, be a grown-up, say thank you. Minimal stuff gets under my skin now. It's like the smallest thing, like, I hate when I go, when I go in a public bathroom, and they don't have paper towel, it drives me crazy. We all feel it, but no one says anything. Like, I don't want your hot wall air. No. Give me a dead tree, I'm a grown man. I don't need hot wall air. That's what I have to work with. Or even worse when they have like the wall mounted ones, that you have to shimmy your hands into and play operation, so not to touch the sides. It's disgusting. Give me a paper towel. We all want a paper towel, because we dry off our hands with it, right? And then you use it to what? Open the door, yes, America. Because I'm not disgusting. So I grab the paper towel, I dry off with it, and then I open the door, I wedge my foot in the door there, and then I grab the paper towel, crumple it up, I look down to my right, and if there isn't a trash can there, I just throw the paper towel when a trash can't supposed to go. So the establishment knows, guys, that's where that goes. You think I'm going to reach back? I don't know, I don't think so. I love to see other paper towels there, I'm like, we're here. We're here! Kids are just getting too soft. Like I picked up my buddy's kid from this park and this playground that he was at, and I just, it's so sad, because I looked at the playground, there was nowhere to get hurt. Like, there was nowhere for tetanus to be caught. I was like, what? Come on, where's creepy, rapey fill? Like there's no one. It was the safest playground I've ever seen in my life. Everything was plastic, it was really cute and nice, and there was like, cut up rubber on the ground for them to land on. And I was like, this is exactly the opposite of what my playgrounds were like. When we were kids, do you remember our playgrounds? I don't know what Wacadoo team of engineers was making our playgrounds, but they wanted to kill us. They wanted to hurt us so bad. They were just in a room like, all right, we got to, uh, got to make a playground. Let's go make a slide. I guess we got to make a slide for them. Hey, is it going to be sitting in the sun all day long? We should make it out of metal. Make it out of metal. Yes. Make it out of metal. Yeah, it'll burn right through their little umbrose shorts. They'll just get on it and just, uh, skive it down and just blood trails all the way down the slide. Oh, it'll be hilarious. What about in the winter? Oh, it'll be a nice loose. It'll be a nice loose. What's going to slow them down at the bottom? Probably their face. Their faces will slow them down. They have these tie-up molecule machines. They're like, they're going to get me a truck tire. Put some rusty chains on it. Just, I want a big piece of metal that just spins around for no reason. Yeah. What's it going to, oh, someone will just die on it for sure. Or my favorite, my favorite was, go get me a huge piece of wood, a big two by four. We're going to put a, uh, a thing, a bar in the middle of it. It's, uh, just going to rock up and down. And the soul safety of an eight-year-old kid, 10 feet off the ground will just be some other eight-year-old kid. You think he's going to jump off on his body? No, no, no. The whole time you're like, you having fun, man? Can't wait to break your hip. That's how you make friends. You make friends because you know you can hurt somebody. Like, I love you. I want to break you in a million pieces. Have you ever had a friend who's so bad at following you in their car that you just don't want to be friends with them anymore? You know, you know when you're like, hey, man, follow me to the place. And they're like, okay, I'll mess this up for sure. My buddy, Nick, I love him to death. But every time I'm like, just follow me. You have one job. Follow my car in your car. And he's like, okay. And then halfway through, I left a pullover and call him on the Bluetooth and be like, hey, buddy, I saw that you stopped in a yellow light again. Like an idiot. We all know better. Green, go. Red, stop. Yellow. Go. Everybody go. As fast as you possibly can. I want to get out of my car sometimes at yellow and be like, come on, come on, come on, come on. Come on, this doesn't matter. Let's go. And he was like, yeah, dude, okay, I obey traffic laws. You don't. And I said, you're right. He's right. I don't. For the majority of them, I don't. Because they're bullshit. They're so dumb. They're made up. And we're like, oh, Kenoki, we just respect them for no reason. They're made up. When I get to a four-way stop sign, and there's no other cars there, I'm not going to stop. Ever. What am I stopping for? There's no other vehicles there. No question. Stop. No thank you. Thank you, though. I appreciate your input, but I'm just going to keep on rolling. We're the youngest country in the world, and we think that we can do it better. The rest of the world, if you ever been outside this country, they have roundabouts. Roundabouts is what they have, right? And America was like, no, no, no, we're going to f*** that up. Roundabouts make perfect sense. Yeah. Like a little British guy gets in his little British car, and he drives up to a little British intersection. He doesn't stop. He yields. He slows down. He looks to his right, and goes, no calls. F*** off. Bap, bap. Off to sweep a chimney and save England. There he goes. It's like when I get to a no-right on red sign, you know those ones. It's like no right on red. I'm always like, for whom? For whom is that? I'm going to, hey, are you a sign? I'm a man. See you later. My biggest issue is with speed limits. I have the biggest issue with them. I've copped me over, and he was like, do you know how fast you were going? And I was like, yeah, I do. That's the car's only job. Is to tell me how fast I'm going inside of it. It wouldn't be a car otherwise. And he goes, do you know the speed limit? And I go, never. I never have known. Because I don't care. They change every 50 feet. You want me looking up there or on the road? You got to pick one guy. You got to choose. You got to choose. And he goes, how do you gauge your speed then? And I said, well officer, I get in my vehicle. I put the key in, I turn it on, and then I put my foot on the gas thing, and I just go until some shit gets in my way. And I'm like, I got to get around all this shit. And I do. And then I just keep going until I reach my destination as fast as I possibly can. If there was no traffic, I'd go a thousand miles an hour everywhere. Because it's made up. It's all made up. Like school zones in California are 25 miles an hour. 25 miles an hour. Do you think you're not going to kill a kid at 25 miles an hour? You get to split him in half. You see little light up shoes go flying through the air. Chance worked backpacks at three-rig binders everywhere. 25? It's like, what was that? Seven kids. You're flying through here at 25. The speed limits on the freeway in California are like 60. 55 is 60. And I don't get it. Why not? 160. Why not? Do you think you're going to die less at 60 than at 160? No, you're still going to die, but you're going to see it coming. It's 60. You're like, no, but I was just semi-spinning. Oh my god! Ah! You see your stupid life flash and funny your eyes. I was it worth it! Put it at 160. You don't see shit and it's over like that. And you put on a show for everybody else on the road. Look at that. 15 flips! Put some glitter in your trunk. You know what I mean? Whoa! Make the news! Don't make the news! Make the news! Make the news! I came with this conclusion, when a couple of years ago, I got to go to Germany and I got to go on the Autobahn. Do you guys know what the Autobahn is? Yeah, yeah. People are nodding already. So for those that don't know, it's a freeway system where there's no speed limit. There's no speed limit. And I went and I was test driving this brand new car as a gift from somebody. One of the guys from the company was inside the car with me. And we're driving on the Autobahn and he's a tiny little German guy, Klaus. And he's very quiet the whole time. And here we are. We're just driving on the Autobahn. And finally he pipes up and he goes, yeah, so if you want to drive the car, you can just drive the car. And I was like, I'm sorry, I didn't hear what you said. And he was like, if you want to drive the car, you can just drive the car. And I was like, oh, cool. Are you calling me a pussy? Because I'm driving the car. And he was like, I just want you to just like experience the machine. And I was like, do you want me to just like, he's like, just go. Just go. And I was like, yeah, okay, okay. And then I ripped it into gear and we're flying and I was like, this is awesome. This makes sense. These Germans. That's how they figured this out. They built that freeway system and they were sitting in a room and they're all delegating like, how fast should this speed limit be? And they're like, we don't know. What should we do? We don't know. And then the big leader guy came in who's kind of a dick, but like he's kind of, you know, he's forward about everything. And everyone's like, what should we do? And he's like, there be no speed limit. Wherever you want to go, just go. You want to go there? Just go there. Where do you want to go there? Go there. You go there. You go. You go. You go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. What? That's how that started? Uh-oh. A little history lesson for you guys. One of the best and the worst things I think you can ever do when you fall in love with someone is move in together. It's like a, it's a great moment, but it becomes the woman's hair palace. It's just their hair palace at some point. They literally move in and they're like, cool, is this the kitchen? You're like, yeah, they're like, okay. And I get better now. Comedy has been so great to me. I get to travel the world and do this for a living. It's incredible. And I got to go to London, England a couple of years ago. And my experience was, and that's not so good. That's how they talk there. I was in London, England with some friends. And I wanted to go grocery shopping because I was staying there for a while. And I was like, let's go grocery shopping. And one of the guys was like, let's do some drugs first. And I was like, okay, okay. And we didn't do something. We just did the drugs. We did all the drugs. And it was a bad idea. And I went to the grocery store. And while I was there, you must know in England they do this thing. They say, are you all right? Okay, it's a phrase. But they switch together. They go, you're all right. And that's just, it's really quick. It's like, you're all right. And everyone goes, you're all right. And that's it. And they don't, they don't actually care if you're all right. Like, it's like when we say, what's up? Because if you were like bleeding from the head profusely, and they were like, you're all right. And you're like, I'm bleeding. And they're like, all right. And they'd walk away. And not give a shit. But I was at the grocery store and the woman behind the thing was like, you're all right, love. And I was like, fantastic. Thank you very much. And she's like, all right. And just, you know. And I was like, are you dancing? What are we doing? And the guy behind me was like, all right, mate. And I was like, all right. I'm all right. Everybody knows I'm all right at this point. And there's a weird stagnant air amongst us. And I was like, what is it? What is happening? And finally, this guy behind me smacks me on the shoulder and goes, oh, ginger. Pack your f*** groceries. And I was like, I'm sorry. And he goes, pack your f*** groceries. And I was like, I don't know. Oh, my God. I looked down and all my groceries had piled up. All of them had piled up. And I realized there's no bagger. I looked down the line. I looked at, there are no baggers to be had. You pack your own groceries in England. Did you know that? No, you didn't. Nobody knows that. You don't get off the plane. And I'm like, welcome to London. We've got shitty weather. You pack your own groceries. No one said anything to me. So I was like, oh, my God. And I ran down to the end. And I'm throwing stuff in a bag violently nervous. Because they're all looking at me at this point. And I throw a soup can in there. And it rips the bag. And he goes, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Ginger does not. He's going to pack us home groceries. And the whole story rubs. I said, Ginger does not. He had to pack us home groceries. They all came out of the woodwork. Like, don't you, don't you, don't you. I was like, go, go, go, go, go, go. I said, oh, la, la, la, la, la, la. Winston Churchill was like, you pack your own groceries, isn't? It's like Mary Poppins, photoboy. I was like, you pack your grocery. I was embarrassed. They were laughing at me. The whole store was having a laugh, pointing, and laughing with the British faces, like, oh, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. And I didn't do anything to these people. Nothing. And I was throwing stuff in a bag stuff in a bag and I kind of blacked out. I would just like went to another place. I was like, you guys are lucky that I don't have my American bald eagle horn with me. I would just whip it out and go, and in comes a bald eagle like, what's going on man? I'm like, these guys are being so mean. He's like, I got this. He's ripping their British heads off, choking them out with American flags in bus of tank and on top of its Bruce Prinks team, he's playing board in the USA with his penis. Gone just, this is lighten him up and I'm like, yeah, this is the best. But none of that happened. I stood there like an idiot throwing stuff in a bag, dripping with sweat, nervous and embarrassed and the guy goes, good job. Are you saying to us in the States, you don't pack your own groceries, huh? You don't pack your own groceries and I go, no, we don't. We have old people and mentally handicapped kids that do that. You guys are Mander Santino, I love you. Good night.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Doug Stanhope. Thanks. Thanks very much. For public release on Saturday night, May 25th, while performing in Las Vegas, I made comments and performed material that I now understand to be utterly deplorable and indefensible. It is now a source of great shame and embarrassment, and I want to offer my heartfelt apologies. I am gutted by my own carelessness and beg you to know, deliver earnestly. This is not who I am. I intend to take the time in the future for great soul searching and hope to come back a more sensitive and insightful human being. I only wish there was some way I could go back in time and erase this whole ugly affair. I like to get ahead of problems. I decide I am going to do this show backwards, where I am going to open with what I was going to use as my closer, but my closer I really like. It is about dead kids, and that makes me happy, and it sets a tone for the entire show. I go, yeah, let's do it that way. Perks me up in the beginning. I will tell you, there used to be in any given recording or special or whatever the fuck you call them, a large portion, not a large, but a certain percentage of my material was based on cable news. I watched on CNN or whatever cable news, and I don't have that anymore, because since the election there is only one fucking subject on cable news anymore. It is just that one boring fucking story that I don't care about. I have nothing to add to. I never even say his name on stage. I just ignore it. It is your fucking problem. You deserve that fucking guy, because you are the generation that made this happen. You are responsible for making all these talentless blowhards, famous, just for being fucking assholes, and now you got one that you called your leader. So fuck you, none of my business. I will be dead soon. But where it became a deficit to me, I remember right before the election, there was a story about a family at Disney World. There was an enjoying a vacation, and they were having a nice picnic at the end of the day on a fake beach at a fake lake at Disney World, or it probably a fake sunset to... The little toddler boy in the family wandered out into the drink just a little bit, and a real alligator sprung out and ate the boy, which the dad probably thought was fake too, after a whole day at Disney Landy. Now there is no surprises for me anymore, real alligator. Oh fuck, that's my boy, it's a real alligator. So the dad, he grabbed the boy by the wrists, but by now the alligator has the boy up past the feet, past the waist, and as they say in the business, possession is 9-10ths of the law. And that has to be a very emasculating, devastating experience where you have to concede defeat in a tug of war with an alligator when your boy is the rope, like, I can't fuck. But you try it, honey, it's a goddamn alligator. The fuck am I supposed to... This whole vacation was your idea. I'm not responsible for... I tried my best, and it was like weeks after that story, I remember watching that at 2 in the morning, and then the election happens, and then that's all they talk about. All the cable news. Oh, did you see what he tweeted this week? That contradicts what he tweeted last week. Let's have a panel of 8 eggheads all sit out here and discuss this for an entire hour. So, city, apologize. What's your opinion, Brian? Well, you know my opinion, because of the network we're on. We all have the same fucking opinion. How many kids being eaten by alligator stories? Am I missing? Because it is fucking onion head in office. I have a business to run people. So now I just get all my news off the internet so I can read the headline, make sure it's not about that guy. I don't know if I fixate on dead kid stories because of that alligator thing, or maybe I just have a weird dark interest in dead kid stories. But every, I click on all the dead kid stories because they're always interesting. They're always tragic. And necessarily, I've never read a dead kid story where at the end I felt justice. Yeah, it coming. You're prick. How many times did your dad warn you not to talk on the cell phone in the tub while it's charging? No, they're all tragic. But one of the patterns I've noticed is almost every dead kid story ends with, and the family has set up a guy. And then I go fund me page. For what? I don't know anything about what it's like to lose a child. But if there's one thing I do know if nothing else, you're making money. A lot of money. Shint loads of money. The littler, the kid, the more money you're making, because now all that money you no longer have to spend on the big boy pea pants and the lunchables and the juice boxes. That's your penny cash coming right back into your pockets. All the pop Warner gear and the air Jordans. And the tuba lessons that's your fucking money is racing back into your back cacky pockets. The orthodontist, the antitha came straight out at you. No longer your concern. That's your bank. It's like you're in one of those phone booths on a game show where cash blows all around and you get to snatch as much out of the air as you possibly can. And you're going to start a go fund me page on top of that. You greedy cocksucker playing on the sympathies of your friends and neighbors. You robber baron, you road agents, you you have a little kid that dies. You start a go fund someone else page and pay it forward. Share the wealth. You have a friend that has a little kid that dies. Jack him up for alone. That's the day. Day one before everyone else gets to him. Sorry, his awkwardness is seems Kevin. I heard you won a lottery of sorts. And I don't know if you heard about the predicament I'm in. I'm in a bit of a pickle. My kids are there's still alive. So it's tough times that the Jenkins household hate to show up with my hand out. The fuck do you need a go fund me for a dead kid. The only time I've seen it in a story is where it says to help pay for funeral costs, which is another scam all together a funeral. You just fucking. It's dead. It doesn't care. Dead things don't give a fuck about all your goings on and you're going to get a headstone and a coffin for what you're going to you're going to buy a cemetery plot for a dead kid. You're going to buy real estate for a dead thing while you're still renting. Does that make any sense at all? See how a little more energy this time huh? You have something that you loved that's now dead. That vessel is still sitting there. You donate it to science. It's where you do. You're fucking spend money on some nonsense. Dead things don't care about you. My parents both died and we donated both of their bodies to science because you can't shut it in a dumpster. It's illegal for some reason. You donate it to science and what happens then is you actually help the world. You donate it to science. They show up. They pick up your dead thing. They ship it off for you charge to a medical university where some hungover 19 year olds are going to gut open your aunt Betty and start flipping around her internal organs like it's a Benny Hanna. Chase each other around with your mom's pancreas. Quiddit. I'm going to hurl. Still drunk. But maybe one of those kids is actually paying attention and somehow your donated dead thing will he finds a cure for something for some disease or malady that actually helps society from your donation rather than you just being some weird corpse hoarder. And then you did a good thing for the world that kids Asian by the way. I know they say that there's no heartache worse than having to bury your own child and I have to give that to you. I wouldn't know. I've never been in that position and never put myself at that kind of disadvantage by having one. But if that is true that that's the worst heartache that proves my point that there's a huge difference between a child and a fetus because I never had to bury my own child but did have to pony up for an abortion when it was my turn to grab the check and heartache with an abortion. I could have watched live footage of that abortion on closed circuit TV while eating spaghetti and still gotten distracted and started checking my tweets. The only heartache you'll ever feel with an abortion is if you chugged the champagne too quickly afterwards. And if you started to go fun be page for an abortion I would kick in a few dollars and retweet that to my teacher followers because that is an effort worth investing in for the planet. I had to get that out that bit it's important it's dead kid season Memorial Day weekend kicks off dead kid season. You're going to get back from Vegas the sun's coming out whatever shit oil you live in and you're going to peel the tarp off of that above ground pool. You're going to start pouring the sangrias a little too heavy and a little too long and I didn't think I was that drunk but you stopped watching the gate and then all of a sudden little Kelsey is now bobbing around a little blue bob or that afternoon. Right beside the pool noodles and going to fire up the jet ski and zip Sarah around the lake and you didn't think you were that drunk and now she's all wrapped up in the propeller. Maybe that Asian student that was paying attention could figure out nerve propellers if you donate or decides. I don't know where you guys are from and I don't give a fuck but wherever you're going back to I'm sure I'm booked there eventually whatever harb it's so weird to be filming this at the plaza because I have been coming here by choice since before I even did comedy this is my this is my place this is my old school Vegas place. I'm fucking out. Oscars, steakhouse and even the worst parts of it I have to go I that's the reason I come here it's vintage fucking Vegas. I don't get to normally play any place that I want to be or you want to be at the same time. I usually have to play where you live and you're stuck and then I'm stuck there with you playing a sub fucking mall that is some hideous city. I just I had to I ate it out back steakhouse last week in a fucking mall and there was people there like are you comic too because unless you're stuck and that's the only thing walking distance why would you be in here out back steakhouse couldn't be less authentic if Jim Jeffries was your waiter. Sorry Jim I had to do it but that's what I do for a living I come visit you in fucking horrible places and then I'm stuck there for at least the day usually at an airport hotel some mid range like 2.5 star Beiges brownish she salmon colored in it's always an in like a days in or a comfort in or a quality in and they're all in a fucking row and you walk in and it's full of mid range 2.5 star folks doing dumb shit. It's a dance mom's competition this weekend and it is a bunch of kids in Ballerite outfits and fucking I'm using my roller bag as a cane coming in shit faced and there's kids pressing every button on the elevator because their parents can't afford six flags so this is a thrill ride for the kid to go up and down and you go don't hit the kid don't hit the kid it's not your kid. If you had your own kid you could beat your kid in effigy of that kid but it's not your kid. So don't hit the kid talk to the business man with the fucking land here these old convention here business fuck you look like Mitch McConnell and you have really bad small talk but a very large a land here they wear big land here it's around there. Northeast Arkansas assembly of special needs educators. You need a fucking backstage past that size to get into that 830 am 10 talk. I'm kidding I stole a croissant off your table in front of that fucking banquet room and I didn't need a pass I just stole a fucking thing. I think you're so important wake up in the morning and you're fighting old people for some humid lobby waffle in the morning for they shut it down. And then I go to the show after a day of reading tweets from you fucking animals. Pre-gaming for the Doug Steadhobe show tonight in Des Moines and it's a picture of you drinking wild turkey at 10 in the morning. Oh you're going to be a treasure to deal with the fucking 930 at night and then it's just a fist fight shut the fuck up yelling at you and I get back to my beige brown salamon colored hotel and the final insult as you get to your room and your key card. Fuck your mother fucker red light red light red light you fuck red red green light oh now goddamn and then I stop back like a giant baby down to the front desk to mother fuckers. And I just explode all of this shit all over some night auditor my key card doesn't work again. Big fucking screaming baby. I'm sorry sir did you have it near your cell phone or your credit card at any point probably. Yeah everyone's got cell phones and credit cards everywhere what do you mean by near my cell phone or credit card if it's here is that near that and what's the radius and you know what my cell phone and my credit cards still work so what the fuck is wrong with your key card. Sure if you just calm down I'm trying to help you what's your name in your room number stand hope 217. Clack clack clack clack clack clack. Sir I'm sorry there's no one by that name in this hotel look at the key card your mother fucking hampton in. Next door you all look the same fuck you I am not apologizing you all look the goddamn same. I prefer a one star hotel I really do I'm more comfortable a one star motel the old school motor lodge you know the like root 66 shit to use shaped one story you just back it's gonna a pool in the middle of the driveway that's no longer a pool it's full of cement and some old police tape around it and you just back your van this close to the motel room door and you just hurl your shit inside you don't have to interact with people just leave me the fuck alone I look for my lodging based on the one star review because a one star review will tell you things that your secret is that you're not going to be able to see the one star review. You'll tell you things that you're secretly looking for that the proprietor could not openly promote. One star I didn't get a wink sleep in this place because it's attached to a dive bar that's open until four o'clock in the morning complete purchase now. This is no place for children no place is a place for children except maybe a cat carrier in a storage unit that would be fine. I think they were running prostitutes out of the room next door. One star the entire place reeked of stale cigarette smoke oddly that's my cologne I wear it daily and if it already stinks like that I don't have to worry about that bullshit $250 cleaning fee if you smoke in the room initial here don't worry lady I will be smoking in that room but it'll be fine because when I get home from that fucking ugly show I'm going to put a wet towel under the door I'm going to chain smoke cigarettes while I ignore missed calls from friends I don't keep in touch with anymore and fucking regret my life and in the morning I'm going to check out a bit early and what I'm going to do is I'm going to say I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to do some stuff a giant rauded catfish into your microwave unit and I'm going to set that for about 45 minutes. I'm going to shuffle off to breakfast. And while that beast rod and slowly explodes and blistersths it burns out into the walls of that microwave unit I'll be dinning comfortably at the excluderally you're never going to you're never gonna be able to smell cigarettes in that room again. Well, I'll be just fine. And before you ask, well, where do you get a giant dead-rotted catfish every night on the road? It's in my rider. I don't ask for a lot. I'll eat the green M&Ms. I just want some plastic jug vodka, some muddy bears, and a giant-rotted dead catfish, and-or-carp. Because I'm not picky. I'm not a brand-hawr. Except for the muddy bears. Gay-cousin-eric came on the road with us once. And, hey, Gay-cousin-eric, you get a fan out there somewhere. He was turning 21, and he thought it would be exciting to do a tour for a week on the road with us. Because he had something-I don't know what you even imagine the road is like, but it's not that. Like, if you have, like, high-no, but Gay-cousin-eric is 21, and he thought it's all gonna be like, you know, strippers and after parties, and bucket penthouse suites, and plates up below in the green room, and-eric, we don't even have a green room half the time. Where we're playing the middle of this pig country. A lot of times we're just sitting in the van at the fire exit in the back alley of some fucking gin-joint roadhouse place. Staring at our shoes. That's what we do on the road. We stare at our fucking shoes, yell at people, get back in the van. After about three days of dead silence, no one talks in the van, you wake up, you get in, stare at your shoes. Greg Chaley will put on a podcast of a comedian that you hate, so you can silently judge him as you sweat out alcoholic remorse. And Gay-cousin-eric is all happy. Oh, we're going to Chicago. Can we go to Riggley Field? Do you think that we could go to the Blues Hall of Fame? And they're going, no, we don't do things. And I remember that Chicago gig we were staying on the outer loop of Chicago in one of these Joloppy motels, and it's like 5'30 at night. Still no one's talking. We're eating some gas station pizza. No, they, we're not hungry. It's just that that hour you have to throw some kind of wet doughy substance down your neck. Just to slow up the flow of the alcohol that's about to be dumped your way at showtime as a prophylactic measure. It's the same way you would sandbag before a flood. It's not aesthetics, it's for safety. So, we're jam-a-peats in our head quietly, and Gay-cousin-eric was one of those moments where I just saw the exact moment where all his hopes and ambitions for this fun on this tour just dropped out of his face. Like his face fell. You know when, like you do hallucinogens with a buddy, and you can have an entire dialogue with just one glance, just one look on your face. You've spoken volumes, you just see. And you know every single thing that you're, but this was the opposite with Eric, because it was a negative where I just saw him look up at me. It's just that subtle, but I know what he meant. And it's not going to get better, Eric. Keep in mind, Eric, Gay-cousin-eric was not my cousin. At that time he was my brothers, my brothers then-wifes, now ex-wife, but her nephew, not even close to related. He's not even really gay. We called him Gay-cousin-eric to hide the fact that he was Jewish. That was the running joke. So I'm not really invested in how much of a good time Eric is or is not having, but at that moment he had pizza sauce on his face, and he just reached down and grabbed a hand towel off the carpet. And my reflexes were not quick enough to stop this from happening. So in slow motion I'm going, oh no! Whoa! No, Eric, no! Eric, you never use the face cloth that's underneath the laptop in a comedian's motel room. Oh, oh, oh, oh, you're gay now, Cousin-eric. Oh, you're so gay now. I bet there's a one-star review about that motel from Gay Cousin-eric now. The linens were really crusty. Exfoliating, but yeah! I would guess at this point, probably three-quarters of the email I get are surveys spam, basically. Like everything you buy, every fucking service you get, somehow they have my email address, and they want to know, hey, how about some feedback? You got your oil changed, you got some feedback, the cable guy came to your house, and how was your experience in fucking every Amazon purchase you make? Right? Take a few minutes and write a review. Why buy way too much shit from Amazon to take a few minutes every fucking purchase, like cocktail straws here. These. Plastic cocktail straws, because they're disappearing, so I'm stockpiling them. They're replacing them with fucking bamboo paper shit. No, I'm not putting, I'm not going to disrespect a cocktail with some fucking paper straw that's just going to flatten out. So I buy these, like a dollar 99 for a thousand from China, with no shipping charge. I don't know how that's humanly possible to send me a thousand, but then you get repeated fucking Amazon spam. Hey, tell us about your purchase. Share with our customers your review of fucking plastic cocktail straws. Really? How could I really make that interesting? I'm going to take it, and when you don't, they go, you must have forgot. I didn't forget. I said fuck you, no. I'm not a cocktail straw reviewer. How desperate is everybody for some review pad on the back star? It's like if you were getting your dick sucked. I'm getting my cock sucked in every stroke. They stop. Oh, is that okay? Is that right? If there's anything you want me to do different, tell me I'm open to suggestions. Would you recommend it to a friend? On a scale from one to five, five being the best, very satisfied, somewhat satisfied, dissatisfying. But I'm just laying back there going, sir, if I didn't like it, I would have shown you to the door, just fucking man up and finished the job. If I have some beef with a big corporation, I'm not going to waste that grievance in an email. I am going to call the 800 number old school because I want the human connection where I can hear the tears on the other end of the phone when I bellow at them because I wake up hating myself and want to blame the rest of the world. And I use that as an outlet and I don't target Indian call centers. It's just there, the ones invariably who answer the phone anymore when you're angry at a corporation and you want to give them shit, they transfer all the shit calls to some poor fucking India. And I don't want to rain on their already dreary parade. But even when I try not to, they fucking up just in the greeting. When she says, thank you for calling direct TV, my name is Madison. How may I help you? No, it's not. Your name's not Madison. Nobody in Mumbai, India is named Madison. I haven't even opened my mouth and you've already lied to me on the phone. Tell me a real fucking name. I am a long term God damn customer. I have 19 direct TV boxes so I can get every game at my house because I have to buy my friends and I deserve more respect. That for you to open a phone call, lying to my fucking face, tell me your real goddamn name. Just on the, I don't even remember the reason I called to begin with. Now it's just give me your fucking real name on principle. And I just, and when the anger tactic doesn't get the results I'm looking for, then I come in soft, good cop bad cop. Hey, Maddie. Listen, I know the game. I understand the racket. You live in a poor country. It's hard to feed your family. Yeah, you had to take this shit job at a call center to make ends meet. Your own name is unpronounceable in the English language. They made you pick a stripper name out of a training manual. I get it. You picked Madison. There's nothing wrong with that. But Maddie, I'm not a customer right now. Right now, I'm your friend. We're two human beings sharing one honest moment on a telephone line. So be my friend and be honest with me. What's your real name? My, my name is Madison. You're a fucking lying pig. How fucking dare you? I know where you live. I'm a goddamn American. I'll have your village bombed sending the drones. The call invariably ends with I hope you get gang raped. No, because I want her to know that I have some insight into her culture. Because that's how they do in the India. That's a thing. It's what they have to deal with gang, Indian men gang rape. It's sad and it's savage and because Indian men are not strong enough to rape by themselves. It's physiology or sociology. It's fucking science. You get your G day and come debate me, but it's it's true. Indian men don't have the upper body strength to pin and submit. Do you ever see a Indian dude in the UFC? No, you never will. Unless he's a ring girl. That's why they created their God, Vishnu with so many arms, to represent what it would take for even their God to be able to take a lady down alone. Don't take this the wrong way. I'm saying Indian men are basically the women of men in that they like if there were no women, Indian men would be the ones that you'd want to make the love that. Hopefully on a good day, sometimes you're going to get drunk and slum it with a hipster, but you're going to be imagining him as an Indian man underneath you because Indian men are the most beautiful polite, accommodating, tossiles, supple of men. They have that sick silky, thick black hair just dense everywhere. Their whole head, their whole one eye brow, their back, souls of their feet. Legend has it. Hair is stick as their head like a slipper on the bottom of their feet, skating on sunshine. Indian men are the most attractive of men, not to women, hence the rape problem with their gang raping. I'm a dreamer, I'm an idealist. I like to believe in a world where everyone lives on a level playing field where everybody's equal, where an Indian man could at least believe in himself enough and have the courage to at least try to rape solo. He couldn't do it. Panic. Indian guy tried to rape you all by himself in a dark parking lot. You would just laugh like you're laughing now and pull your hand on his forehead like when you're four year old nephew tries to swing punches at you and you just hold him out of arms reach till he tuckers himself out and gets all tired and then you laugh and you go back to Easter dinner and everyone has a fine time. But at least that guy had enough self esteem to make the attempt a community lifted him up enough to have the self confidence to try because nobody ever wants to die thinking what if. At least he put it out there and I'll be honest I don't know if this bit has a point. But if there is a point it's this is it wrong to use racism to try to stop gang rape. And that's a question for you to answer individually. Don't shoot the messenger I put that on you and you have to make the decision which is right and which is wrong and either answer you come up with you're a fucking asshole. You're either a vulgar racist or you're a gang rape apologist either way you're sick in me. I can't believe I perform for you people. Hey this got full. I'm the night of Saturday, May 25th I made wildly inappropriate stereotypes regarding Indian men that I thought were said in confidence. I hadn't noticed the cameras, the microphone and the giant shrieking audience. Yet still this does not excuse me promoting such a meopic denigration of a country wonderfully rich in heritage and humanity. I hope this apology will usher in a new era of understanding and open a dialogue that allows all of us to grow. And rape jokes are never funny. That's the thing. If you're a new comic in here and you deal with all that bullshit just write it out. It's always going to be something. I've been doing this since 1990 and there's always a topic that everyone decides now you can't. When I started in Vegas 1990 at the dive bar. Thank you. Back to 1990 when I started open mics it was AIDS jokes. Oh my god. If you ever mentioned AIDS on stage no there's no funny thing. It's just awful and how dare you. You're contemptible. And then a decade later 9-11 jokes you cannot mention 9-11 unless you're doing some bogus. Let's take a moment and pause for the first responders because it's a difficult time or going through. Yeah it was that then look at those two subjects now. Fucking hilarious. Write it out. If you bundled all three of those topics and you had the premise of like rogue AIDS on airplanes flying into the twin towers without their consent. Just the premise gets a laugh without even a punch line. Let it go. It's always going to be something and someone's going to always be fucking upset. I feel honestly I feel like I lost a lot of street cred with my people for not being outed in the whole Me Too movement. I think a lot of people were expecting that and let down when it never happened. It's not like I don't have my stories. I'm yeah I've Me Too did up. Yeah I was Me First. I tried to start that hashtag when I was doing it about Me first for the record. I was never in the the rape happy deep end of that ugly part of the Me Too swimming pool with Harvey Weinstein but in the shallow end in the kitty pool part. Pull your dick out in front of people. How many people haven't seen my dick at this point? Half my career. That would be a go-to thing if I couldn't remember my next bit on stage. I just pulled my dick out. I take a Polaroid picture with the Yeager, my sister girls and five dollars. Yeah I'm pulling my dick out. I pulled my dick out in front of Louis CK. There's a picture of it in my book. I printed the predators. And unlike Louis CK I didn't ask permission politely first. I just pulled my dick out for a picture. I can't get Me Too. I had a friend of mine, a comedian named Alicia Wood that tried to Me Too Me last year on Twitter with a story that only made me think, oh fuck that story should be in my act. I forgot all about it. She just reminded me of a hilarious story that I banked away somewhere and some dead grey sign apps. And I called her up and I go, what the fuck are you doing? That story needs to be written long form. I said, there's so much meat to that story now that I'm remembering it. You can't put that in a tweet. So I'm helping you write and edit my own Me Too Me story. I was fucking funny and she's wasting it. The story is, early 2000s probably, we're playing a comedy club. Looney's in Colorado Springs and after this show some guys wanted a picture with me and back then again, pulled my dick out. It was a regular thing for me. Back then, that was CD Days where you'd have a CD you sold after a show for five bucks for gas money. And people would say, hey, will you sign it? And I go, oh, I don't have a catch phrase like get her down or na-nu-na-nu or something. So I just occasionally pulled my dick out and traced my shrunken dick on the insert and then signed over it because I had plenty of room for both. And I was, it was a different day in age. It's not like the current climate, which I hate that. The current climate, you know what? When you never leave your house, the current climate is wherever you set the thermostat. When you left last. So these guys, they want a picture and I go, okay, let's all drop trow for the picture. Ha, standing in a lobby of a comedy club with their dick out. It was funny. The guy next to me, we called him Fester afterwards because he looked like Uncle Fester. He's a kid, a little bald-headed, fire plug of a dude. He pulled his pants down and he had micro-penis, which is what it's called, the medical condition. Like real micro-penis, not, oh, looks like it's cold out. Oh, wow, wow. No, he had like a half a thumbnail, like a car bunkal. He had just no dick. But he pulled his pants down with such heroics and a plomb and careless, reckless abandon. That's what it is, reckless abandon, pause for it. Because that's what I wanted to say all weekend. He pulled his pants down with such reckless abandon to show off the smallest penis in the world that we immediately fell in love with this guy. Like you are the fucking gutsyest beautiful, fucking strong human being. We befriended him and we took him out with us and we brought him to all the bars and got him hammered. And then he ends up back at the comedy condo, which is a apartment where they put up three comics, three bedrooms. And we got more drunk there. And at some point it was my idea to do blindfold hand job. And I said, Fester, this is what? What we're going to do is we're going to blindfold you as me. I'm like buddy Ben and a waitress that was a drunkard and a player and a fucking regular solid folk. And I said, we're going to blindfold you. And you have to guess which one of the three of us is giving you a hand job. And I know she's going to do it. We made the eye contact. She's in. But even if she bailed out, I would have done it. Because his penis was so small as to be non-threatening to a level where you would touch it anyway as a curiosity. So I blindfold Fester with my bathrobe tie and she unzips his pants and Ben and I hide around the corner a little bit because we don't want to laugh and give away who's giving him a hand job. But she gives it away right away because she starts giving him the best dirty talk you porn hand job. She's like, oh, I can't wait to see this cock come for me. It's fucking beautiful. Oh God. This is so hot. I want to see your cum drip all over my and Ben and I are both leaning in with half boners wishing we had micro penis. Because this is the best hand job ever. And the only thing I noticed that was missing was she needed a lube. So I tipped her across the carpet of the living room, get to the kitchen and I grabbed some palm olive dish soap which not a sponsor yet. But when this story comes out, I'm sure we'll be flooded with money. I, I reenpaul all of all over this little dick hand job and then I get a little carried away. And I thought what other condiments can I put into this? He's blindfolded so I opened the refrigerator and I can have mustard this to cruel. I found crumbled goat cheese. And I sprinkle a good amount of that into the hand. And then I went back over with Ben still trying not to laugh and ruin his experience. And the part that I hadn't remembered was Alicia Wood. She was there. She was the opening act. Sleeping like a baby in the third bedroom. So evidently I went and I woke her up. She got to get off. You're missing it. Just get out of here. Just kept out the whole watch. This micro penis goat cheese dish so bad. Why this micro penis dish soap goat cheese just come here and look. Look. I'm fucking mad. The fuck is that. It's my tiny ticket. Just fuck off. And she went back to bed and then fucking 18 years later. Trying to meet to that story in a tweet and said it made her feel uncomfortable. What? It's a fucking hilarious thing. Look, if I was a new comic on the road and I could take it out, I'm actually doing this as a professional now. And I get to be in a comedy condo. And all the other comics are witnessing goat cheese micro penis dish soap hand job. And you didn't wake me up for that. I would take that as a strong signal that I'm not welcome. And the group. Why would you fucking leave me out like some Rudolph the Red Nose reindeer wake me up. You're uncomfortable. Imagine that kids mom having to do as laundry the next day. She's uncomfortable. What are you? You're uncomfortable. What are you fucking lactose intolerant and now goat cheese is a trigger. You don't like sudsy hand jobs with your choice of toppings. What the fuck. Fester had a better me to story in that that she did she just looked around a corner that kid was coerced by a powerful man that he respected and looked up to and was coerced in a receiving a hand job he may or may not have wanted. I think there's a lot of crossover in the me to movement where a lot of the people that you are trying to out and shame and say fuck off. There's a good cross section are the same people that I am afraid of. The fucking douchebag Saturday night last call fucking asshole Jaco bro dudes when they can't fuck you they want to fight me that your hey lady nice tits I get what are you looking at. I'm not a faggot it's the same guys. It's a big cross section of that yet I'm still expected to fight that guy because you're faggot why don't you just punch him in the face. Hey said you had nice tits why didn't you just suck his dick. Hey that's what he wants I don't want to fight him and you don't want to suck his dick but it's the same douchebag but I don't get to ride your hashtag. Fucking weak dude gets nothing we'll learn to fight. It says learn to suck dick. I can't fight. Would you call me stupid rape is not a crime of sex it's a crime of violence you know what so is violence a crime of violence. Where's my fucking hashtag protection. I walk into a bar get my head stoved in because I walk into a raiders bar wearing a Bronco's jersey and everyone says I was asking for it by the way I was asking for it. By the way I was dressed. I'm saying equal protection. I don't even go out I only go out after shows when it's with you where I go I got I got people here I don't go out people people scare the fuck out of me they're awful we were in we're in Indianapolis we're going through a car wash because that's one of the fun things you can do as a tourist in Indiana. I go through a car wash when it's not even your car it was a fucking rental car you're washing other people shit because it's the worst state of the 50 and we get into the car wash it's just me and Greg Chaley my tour manager and it's a huge line and we get stuck in but I needed a haircut so I spot a barbershop across the strip mall parking lot I bet Greg Chaley 20 bucks that I could get my hair cut. Before he can get through this interminable line in a car wash because that's another fun thing you can do as a tourist in Indiana it's just bet $20 on any stupid thing and hopefully the wager makes it exciting. How many plates do you think that fat fucks going to eat at the Golden Corral I'll give you over under five and a half not counting the chocolate waterfall because I'm not counting the chocolate water fall. Because it probably just stick his tongue in there and not even use a plate on his way out. So I race as fast as old fat smoker can race across the parking lot to the barbershop fuck you Chaley I'll beat you this time and I give it to the barbershop door and I whip it open and oh it's really crowded. And it's a barbershop like those movies. It's a very urban audience. It's ethnic crowd. The defensive line in football. You're Atlanta based flight crew. The New Zealand rugby team. However you say the all blacks. I was a fucking sea of black dudes scaring right back at me and I held this position for far too long. I was frozen. I don't know what my play is at this point. They don't seem to want me here. I still don't know what I should have done at that point but I know what I did. I kind of ran. Think a little bit. I acted like I opened the wrong business door in the strip mall. I'm looking for something else. Oh I'm sorry. I was looking for the bridal shop next door. I'm getting married in the morning. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My bad. Because my first thought was there's no way I'm going to win the bet with Chaley now. Because those places mobbed every stool is full. There's 11 other guys on the back wall waiting in line. I can't win. My second thought which is my first thought and every other thought I had. I'm terrified by a room full of black dudes staring hard at me. Because I've been a human being for over a half a century. And one thing I've noticed about the human condition is most people are ugly, angry, fucking scary animals. And if you're confronted with a group of any type of the same types of human being and you're the one guy different, maybe a good time to kind of run. If I opened that door and it was a room full of hells angels or snake handling evangelicals, and it was stopped and gone, oh wait, they're all white, they'll love me. No, you get the fuck out of there. If it was a room full of Indian men, cup your ass all and run anywhere but to public transit because that's where they get you according to the news reports. So I get about halfway across the parking lot and this old barber comes out and he looks like Morgan Freeman and he's smiling with every tooth in his mouth. I could see from a distance because he's so happy. He saw right through my bullshit. He does exactly what was going through my bind. And he was, hey man, where you going? Oh, they're going to fuck with me. I see where this is going and I wander back over and I mumble some excuse about my friends in the car wash and I know there's a lot of people in line and I can't, I don't have time to wait and he goes, oh no, there is no wait. I'll take you right now. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And he walks me back in like I'm a child that just could caught running away from summer camp. And I get in and there was no wait because all those guys on the back wall they're just hanging out in a fucking barber shop. They're not there to get their hair cut. This is fucking watching TV and shit. That's what they do. I thought that was an urban myth all pun intended. But no, they actually just fucking hang out like it's a bar. And I walk in and at this point I am visibly trembling because I'm sober. It's early in the day. I want to explain that to everybody in there. Oh, this has nothing to do with the color of your skin. I'm a long-term alcoholic. This is what 230 in the afternoon looks like every day of my life. You don't get credit for the boo's shakes. That's mine. Don't explain anything. Just shut up and sit down and get your hair cut. People light. And he sits me in the barber's stool and spins me to the mirror. And around the mirror just like your mom's beauty parlor. And I have photographs of all the different hair styles that are available to me today. I can't find any that are appropriate for my hair. They're going to carve a dollar bill symbol into the side of my skull. And I'm just going to sit here and take it. They're going to put an LA clippers logo on the back of my baldened paint. And I'm just going to smile and say thanks. Shut up. Get your hair cut. People light. Overtip. Which in that environment means tip whatsoever. And get the fuck out. And it was the best haircut experience I've ever had in my life. So fucking old dude like me. A lot of times I've noticed. I was suited up thankfully. And when you're wearing a fucking over-the-top grotesquely loud suit and you have your shit together, a black guy will fucking notice that. And fucking, yes, we're in your socks match your tie brother. Man, that's fucking sharp. And he did it his old guy so he did all my old crazy eyebrows and my ear hairs and he hot-toweled me. I begged off when I was offered the straight razor shave only because he's old dude like me. And I don't know how much he drinks every night. I don't know how stable his hands are. So I walked at that point. But would I go back? Fuck no. Not unless they move out of Indiana. It's the worst fucking state in the world. I should never have to play there again. I have fucking ear hair than I have to play Indiana again. It's their turn to fucking move. I like to stop right now and point out, I am not racist. And I only say that not because I give a shit if you're offended. I say that because I worry that a lot of you might be racist. And I need you to know I'm not your friend. If you can't read context into these bits or tone or intent, stop my fault. They say that. You know what? Jokes have circumstances, words hurt. You might think that they're just jokes. But it's how other people interpret them. And if they interpret them wrong, well, if they interpret them wrong, then fucking yell at them. You can give me shit. Don't, just because you guys don't get it and you fuck up my comedy. yell at them. Them too. Hashtag them too. Stupid idiots and don't get it. I am not racist. But that doesn't mean there's other people I don't hate for just as stupid a reason. It's just racism and one of them. I have my own isms. Sometimes there's types of people that just fuck you off. And it's just as dumb as any other. But you can't help it. It's an internal hate. You just shut the fuck up and be polite. I am an agist. That is my big ism. I am disgusted by graphically elderly people. They gross me out so much. I can't be around them. I don't know why you bring them out in public. I'm talking like gross elderly. Like not cute. Keith Richards is still alive or Betty White or something. Functional elderly. I'm talking about the gross things that you bring out of a home. Like Kirk Douglas kind of gross. And you bring them in public. I'm just trying to eat brunch at a perkins on a Sunday morning. The hangover. And then I see the van pull up. And you're bringing out. You're fucking old thing. Can folk under each chicken wing? One more stepber thin. There you go. There you go. There you go. There you go. Your other foot. Good girl. The tongue is darting in and out of their mouth. It's called tartive dyskinesia. When they can no longer control their mouth and the tongue just. It darts in and out like whack a mole. It's all coated like they've been licking cheese or chalk. A rec room somewhere where their family abandoned them. Are you're almost to the door, Bethy? You're doing so good. Where are we going? You know, they're going to sit that fucking thing next to me. I guarantee it. The skin is all dried and blanched like rice paper with big purple splotches underneath it. You know, if you accidentally drug an angry hang now across that, it would bleed sausage. It would spore on it. Yeah. Here we go. We're almost to the table. Yeah. It's fucking right next to me. Their eyes don't work anymore, but the pockets underneath the big pink pockets are full of fluid to like an infinity pool. They're full to the top. You know, if you stuck one finger in the lower lid, all that liquid would just pour down their face like ocular buccacchi. Yeah. It's sitting next to me. They got scabs that were never a cut. They used to be a sunspot and now it's some thick pepperoni dried and curling up off their scalp. I'm trying to eat undercooked eggs benadec, right next to this. God, off our fucks sake. I'll take it to go. Yeah, it's a horrible fucking way to feel about people, but it's honest. You don't say it. I think ageism is the worst ism to have when you're aware of it. Being an ageist on that level is like, if you were a racist, who's very aware that you're rapidly turning black yourself. Somehow you still can't quell the hate. Ridiculing old fucks who are unable to defend themselves is punching down. And certainly something I would never do. I was taken out of context. I was on ambient. Russians hacked my teleprompter. That's just not funny. It's out of context with all of my standards and morals. There's some issues that you just never make fun. You shouldn't make fun. I look. Just the idea that the expression making fun could ever be a negative. You shouldn't make fun. I'm sorry. Did I take some subjects that are ugly and dark and so lacerating, painful, shitty, maybe unavoidable in life kind of stuff? And I made it fun. What a dick I must be. I can't believe just for attempting that, herculean feet of making awful shit fun. This is what you have to do in life. It's try to make fun. If you know how life works, it starts out where you're born into being fed a hard diet of lies and fantasies. And then that just turns into a series of disappointments as you start to figure out everything you know is wrong. And then you get to live in the failures one after another and tragedies that are just waiting in the bushes to jump out and bite you in the fucking thigh. And then at best it ends with you on a cold slab in a medical university with hungover teenagers throwing around your internal organs waving your fucking dead wang at each other and laughing. And that's the best it can happen. And so in the meantime, you better try to make that shit fun. We had a friend and a fan that died. Laura Kimball was her name. And she was the best version of the word fan. And I'm dedicating this special to her because if there's one thing that she loved more than comedy, it was empty gestures. So I'm going to dedicate this to her. She had a perfect life. She was 42. Husband making bank and silicone vallage. She's beautiful with two beautiful little toe headed Barton Lisa Simpson kind of kids. Gated community all the shit so she could come out to all of our shows. Anytime we're up and down the west coast, she sat in the lower Kimball chair that side of front row. And she called me up. She said, I just could diagnose to a stage for melanoma. It spread to my brain. And they're giving me six months to live on the outside. And I don't know what to do. And I said, well, I'm playing San Jose in a month. So try to hang out that long. And then we'll come goof around. Well, I'm not a fucking doctor. I'm not going to give her one other advice. I'm not going to give her a new fucking Eastern treatment. No, I'll be there. Don't die till I get to San Jose. And she showed up in the chair. She looked really good. I had written a whole pocket full of, ha ha, you're going to die of brain cancer type of jokes just to fuck with her and roast her a little bit. Because that's what she'd want. That's what she would expect. And we had a great night. And two months later, I'm playing Santa Cruz just down the street basically. And there she is again with no warning. And she looked a little worse for the wear, but still pretty good. But now I'm out of, ha ha, you're going to die of brain cancer jokes. I had no preparation. So I'm trying to riff off the top of my head. Ha ha, Laura, ha ha, the brain cancer. Until I go back into my same old boring act that she's heard over and over. This continues for months. She lived 13 months and every few months she just show up in my show here in the same fucking act. At one point I leaned into her and I go, Laura, would you please fucking die? You're ruining my comedy. It's so hard to fucking say the same material. Where you're sitting there and you know you've heard it. And that night I said to her, I said, how am I going to know when you're dead? Because we don't have any mutual friends. I just know you from all these shows from the years. And you can't tweet me from hell, which is where you're going. And she said, I gave my husband Paul your number, take down his number. He's going to call you when the inevitable happens. So I put Paul Kimball into my phone under warning warning. Major bus kill. Do not answer. Bad news only. No, what the fuck I'm going to say to this guy? So when I got the call from her husband, I decided I'm just going to talk to him the same way. You talk to anyone of your drinking buddies who just got dumped by some short term Tinder skanker's often. And I just talked to him, I go, hey, what's up? How's it going? Oh, oh, she's dead. Yeah, fuck her anyway, dude. Fuck her. You don't need that shit. You can do way better than her. What are you kidding? Fuckin' be a bitch about this. Let's get back out there. Come on. Nobody even liked her. Cry about this. Let's go to Vegas and hit some titty bars and bang some 12-ounce curls. We're going to change your Facebook status to player. Be a fucking whining bitch about this. And he laughed, which was a pretty big gamble. It was a pretty big roll of the dice to take that tact. But that's what you have to do. When life gets its ugliest, it's your responsibility to dig into the muck and try to make fun. And if they don't laugh, you just cut them out of your social circle. It's that simple. Get rid of them. Life is too short to hang around with people who don't get the goof. Fuck them. Thank you very much. I appreciate you coming out. I'll be out there in the casino at some point. Before you talk to me or ask me for a picture if I'm gambling, see the look on my face to see if I'm losing or not. Good night. You You You
For those of you who do not know me, I grew up in a very religious household, with a very religious black mother that associated God with everything. Her favorite saying, God don't like ugly, all day every day. God don't like ugly, God don't like ugly. So I grew up thinking damn, we'll be gober going to hell. My Tyson, hell. JJ going to hell with gasoline drones on his... Woo! But just imagine if that's true, right? If that's true, God really don't like ugly. I guess that means Bismarcky is the anti-crime, right? I mean... Now come on, y'all know Bismarcky, I'm saying that's not like a bulletin tonight. You know what I'm saying? Homies so ugly he can make the onion cry, that ain't right? This is something that has to be talked about. Oh man, I like to talk about stuff that I see around my way all the time, like the drug bills, the young drug bills, y'all seeing. These are the ****, but there's people on the earth, I'm saying, not days because they sell in that poison. They're s**t in the way they dress. I'm saying they all do the same thing, go out and buy those telemate leather jackets, and they put their name on the back. Rahim clocking doodoo dumb dollars. Then they go on the corner and sell their drugs. The cops roll up. Excuse me, Rahim. Now one of y'all's s**t in me out. Where's this bump? No, no, he just said right hand. You heard it right? He said right hand on my neck. I ain't on my neck. ****, make noob. Before I go, ladies and gentlemen, it wouldn't be fun if I didn't bring out Shantay. But in order for Shantay to come out, the crowd got to be ready, and y'all got to bring out ladies and gentlemen, go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Go Shantay. Back up. Go Shantay. Preventatsu. Shoulder-shattering.As you can see, Islam is not enough, As You can learn to achieve things. But, do that and parliamentary. Spread consensus to Shengmia. That crocheting is correct. That might as well be... lodging? Uh, . And the toe here smells like... Not a bones..? Maiden. Well. So, change the bar. Angie Shantay. Go Shantay. Man, look at the bones.ts. You do the time with the girl. La la la la. Cut my music off, okay? No, you did not say no to Shantan for all these people, okay? And for my fans, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, scandal. I don't, I don't believe you actually think that you cue. Look at your hair like you designed it with a firecracker or something. Oh, oh, oh, oh. With the book of green MC Hammer pants on. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Don't you know I'm the captain sergeant and the head lieutenant of the fashion police? I'll have you locked up dressing like that. And I don't know why you think you cue or something like that because you ain't, okay? Just between me and you, you ugly. As a matter of fact, you so ugly that when you cry, your kids gonna in the back of your head because they scared to come down your face, okay? No. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. How dare you say no to Sean Tec. Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to thank you for having me. My name is Sean Tec and it's all about me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Everybody, I was thinking about the first time like Congress had to come up with age of consent. I had to be like the powdered wigs and stuff that had to be a rough day for the fellas. It's like some guy coming up first like from Rhode Island, 12 and I was like, ew, ew, no dude. I don't know why I had to go first on this one. It's like the hardest one to go first on. No, I don't like that. Just talking shit. It's exciting. I was a little too excited. I panicked and got this haircut. What an insane fuck up. My hair was fine. It was totally fine. And then two days ago I was like, I gotta salvage this. It's crazy that I thought my hair was, I was like, if I fix my hair I'll look good. That was the final piece of the puzzle. For me. There's a Dominican barbershop by my house in New York. I'm thinking the first white guy that's ever been in there. I was basically Christopher Columbus of this barbershop and they fucked me up dude. Don't get, if you're white don't get a Dominican haircut. You end up just looking more racist. It was nice though. He kept trying to reassure me the whole time. He was like, no man, it's good. It's all like, it comes in your head. It's good. It's like, oh thank you. Whatever. Fuck this haircut. How are you guys? Fuck. It's good. It's good. I'm happy. It's nice. Everybody's back inside all that shit. I don't know. I had a good, I like to go. I had a nice time. I live in New York so I left. I went back to my parents house. Because I have white privilege. Some people didn't get to leave the city. I did because of my privilege and I used it. You got to use it. You know what I mean? Doesn't feel more disrespectful to wasted. You know what? Then we're all just being racist for nothing. All right. But no, it's good. I went home. My parents, I went with them and over 10 years they got old. Their old is fucking. It's milk though. I'm back on milk. I'm fucking crushing milk lately. I got fucking milk fat this year. It's a weird time in life to have a milk renaissance. It's 33. But it was nice. I think my favorite part of the year was I got to watch my dad watch the news. There's a rough year for my dad and the news. He's a Fox News guy. Don't do that. It's fine. Also I see you guys. Most of you have Fox News dads. How dare you deny your fathers. That's a good dad. I don't watch Fox, but that's a good Fox News mom. That's bad. You don't want a Fox News mom. That's a bad mom. She smokes in the house. But a Fox News dad, that's a good fucking dad. Can you imagine if you had a fucking MSNBC dad? There's some guy every night at dinner like we need to start focusing on renewable energy. It's like, ew, dude. I didn't know dad was gay. Talking about solar panels like a fucking lady. He might add a straight as hell. Dude, we fucking hate the environment. That's how straight we are. Oh, we talk about us eating pussy and fracking. We hate nature. We go fishing. We don't even eat fish. Dude, we just catch them and fucking. No, he's good. He likes, he watches Fox. He watches it every night. Like every Fox News dad. My dad watches Fox every night until he can't. That's how long they watch. They watch every night until they get so angry they have to go to bed. My dad watch for like two hours and then out of nowhere, he'll just stand up and be like, fucking Mr. Potato heads. Trance, I'm going to bed. Who else's going to hell? He's all about it, dude. Like every Fox News dad, my dad watches Fox with one goal. He's just trying to get one fact. It's all he's doing. He's sitting there, he's trying to retain one piece of information that he can then relay to whoever's unlucky enough to enter the living room while he's watching. And you think it'd be easy to get one fact, but every once in a while there's like a commercial for like a commemorative 9-11 gold coin. Just fucking wipes their hard drive. I was like, what was I watching? I got one of those, I got my hands on those patriotic coins. My dad drinks too, so he can never, he can never get a fact. Ever. You'll come in the living room and be, he's hammered watching the news every night, which is the wildest way to take in world politics. Like just hammered on a recliner like, whoa. It's like footage of rocket attacks in Israel. He's like, whoa. The hell are they doing over there? What's these guys problem? But he can never get a fact. Like he tries, he tries, he uses Fox News as like a PowerPoint for what he's trying to say. Like everyone, like we'll be eating dinner and like, Hannity, he'll be saying something. He's like, see? That's what I meant. Look at that. That's me talking. I can't say it that good. You can never get a fact. You'll walk in the living room, he's been watching the news for three hours. He'll be like, all right, what's going on in the world? He's like, you want to know? I'll tell you, fucking Nancy Pelosi's a bitch. That's like, all right. Settle down, dude. That was the news last, that's the news every night for my dad. It's just like breaking. You know Nancy Pelosi's a bitch? I was like, yeah, yeah. I had a feeling. But like everything they say he agrees with. He's all in. I realize like Fox News is basically black church for old white dudes. You know what I mean? Like literally everything they say, my dad just says like, mm-hmm. Yes, preach Tucker. Every once in a while, it gets here with the Holy Spirit while he's watching it. The Holy Ghost visits him and he's just like, oh, no, build a wall. Can I get a wall? He needs a wall. My dad needs a wall. For a guy who lives in Central Pennsylvania, securing the Southern border. It's like an oddly important tone. I don't know what he's worried about. Like he's going to lose his job. You know, like some guy from Honduras is going to walk the whole way to Pennsylvania. Just slam a resume down on my dad's boss's desk. So you're here for the sales position? I'm safe now. Stay quiet on that. Also, I was just at the border of Arizona and Mexico. There's a wall. I had no idea. I got down there. I saw the wall. I was like, holy shit. He built it. They were like, no, it's been here. It's been here for like a century. I was like, no, you got to tell my dad. Fucking him up. He gets fired up every night. It's a crazy way to go to bed every night. So there's apnea mask on. Fucking. Every night. Fucking carodaran. You walk into the living room in my house right now, my dad. You know, I saw the borders of mess right at night. That's crazy. But I make fun of him for it. And then I do the exact same thing just with my phone. I just look at my phone until I can. I'm like, Mr. Potato, what the fuck? That's it. Every day. I just get on read opinions from people I know are dumb. Like in person, I know they're dumb. I've talked to them. And I'm still reading their Twitter, their political opinions. It's great. And my Twitter is crazy. It's half where I'm from, which is the middle of Pennsylvania. So it's white trash. And then half. Now I live in New York. So it's crazy. Like, you know, I still have uncles. They all just got Twitter. They're all fucking fired up. They haven't fun. Do they all have like zero followers? They just tweet into the void. They love it, dude. They do it for the love of the game. Like, Panera was good today. It's onto a server that will outlast civilization. And then now all my new friends are literally communists from Brooklyn. So it's wild, dude. Like I'll get on Twitter. And the first tweet I see will be someone from back home that's just like fucking Colin Kavernic better stand up. Like this tweet, if you support the police, share it if you're not gay. Oh, I'm fucking sharing. I share that. And the next post is just one of my new joke white friends that's just like, I'm not racist. That's it. Every day for the last year, just a different white person popping up. Like, look at me. Look at this article I shared to my Instagram story. I'm not racist, right? All right. You sure? So I don't know if you know this. Like being racist isn't like a yes or no thing. You know what I mean? It's not like you have it or you don't have it. Like being racist is more like being hungry. You know? It's like, yeah, you're not right now. You know? So yeah, you're not hungry right now, but a cheeseburger could cut you off on the highway. And you get hungry. You're hungry all day. The cheeseburger is Jewish in that joke. No, no, no, no, no. Cheeseburgers, whatever type of cheeseburger you thought it was. And your racist heart. Anyway, that's it. I just get online, read opinions from people. The news, like other news is kind of like this is the most divided this country has ever been. It's like with the red states and the blue states. It's like, why? Because we tweet at each other. You know, we had a war, right? You know, this country had a civil war. That was pretty divided. Like at least nowadays we're communicating with each other. Back then, those guys never, they got the news like once a month. Some guy would come by on a horse and they were like, who's talking shit? Like I was like, the south is talking shit. Fuck that. I don't like that. Give me my gun. I'm going to go down there. I'm going to walk down there for a month straight. Shoot the first fucking guy I see down there. That's how much. The civil war was basically just the north just shooting racism out of the south. That's what happened. The north was like south fucking chill. And the south was like, no. So a bunch of guys had to walk down there and shoot him a lot. They were like, all right. We'll let him go. Or not going to be nice to him for a while. Until we find out they're good at football and then roll tide. That way, fucking. It rolled amt. I don't like Albanne with football. I just watched his documentary on Albanne football. It's great. It's about Albanne football. It's about when they desegregated their football team. So up until this point, Albanne football was just white. Everybody down there was pumped on that. They would pack the stadium. Everyone would be like, look at all those whites. Run around, catch it. I'm not knocking them too hard because I still have a little bit of that. In me, you know, like if a white guy catches a ball on Sunday, I'm like, oh shit, go, go, go, go, go. They got him. They got him. The top run is smart run. That's up run there. But now they took it too far. So the documentary focuses on that. The focus is on Bear Bryant, legendary head coach. He was the head coach that brought the first black players onto the team. So the whole documentary is like celebrating Bear Bryant. They're like fucking way to go, Bear. You did it. What a hero. And then you find out it was 1971. Yeah, a little late for high fives on this one, fellas. Holy shit, 71. Like we've been to the moon. There were literally people on the screen. There were literally people on the moon before Alabama had black guys in their secondary. Does anyone understand? There were white corners. White corner backs. You understand how preposterous that is? Some of you are too young to have ever even seen a white corner. They're extinct. They don't exist. There's two left at the San Diego Zoo. They won't reproduce. You'll never see a white corner. But that's what happened. It wasn't like the reason they desegregated the team. That's what the documentary focuses on, which is great. Because it wasn't like, oh, hey, fellas, it's 1971. Maybe we should get with the times. What happened was Alabama's scheduled USC Southern Cal. Alabama's confident. They're like, oh, white ballers. We'll take on anybody. And then USC came down to Alabama with a bunch of black dudes from LA. It just beat the fuck out of Alabama. And then after the game, Bear Bryant gave like a speech and he was like, hey, y'all. Come on. That was it. That's all it took. Everybody down there was like, yeah, we get it. We'll be less racist. It means we can win. What? That's what it is. Like as big as racism is in America football. That's true. Look, there's a Disney movie. Remember the Titans dedicated to what I just told you. The whole point of that, dude, that was one high school football season. Remember the Titans was like, it was eight weeks. Enough. That whole town went from like centuries of like, don't let them in our school to just like, oh shit, the high school teams 4 and 0. Those are my brothers. I'll get off the topic. The point, look, the point I'm trying to make. The point I'm trying to make is if you want to get rights in America, you just got put together a good football team. You know what I mean? If the transgender's got together and put together just a fucking hard nose, run it down your throat, ball cup. If the transgender's just three yards in a cloud of dust, transgender's. If the transgender's community could just somehow upset Alabama. Everybody down there tomorrow would be like, those are some tough bitches, actually. Alright. Alright, we got out of that. There's some rough batches in there, that's alright. This won't go great either. You know how like every show and movie now, it's like a remake of something. They just remake an old thing and just make it like more progressive and just put it out. They remake, they remake Ocean's Eleven like a heist movie with like all gorgeous women. That movie should have been ten minutes long. They literally should have got to the casino and just blown the security guards. Maybe all, here's the keys to safe. Take everything. I love you. You guys, you crazy bitches. I love you bitches. That's it. That's all they make. They either make that or they make like, they make slavery movies every year. Those are for no one. I have black friends. I was like, dude, you guys like these? I was like, no, we thought you got these for you. It's like, no. We all hate those. Stop making them. It's uncomfortable. Civil rights movies are good though. I like like like, like, like, like, Judas in the Black Messiah was sick. Remember the Titans is great. Hidden figures was the movie about the Black ladies at NASA. Or is my dad like, to call it, Medea goes to the moon. And look, that was him that said that. He said that as soon as he said that. I was like, what did you fucking say? You don't talk like that. So every movie is just remade is more progress. I just think it'd be funny if like, the right started remaking. You know what I mean? If they just start like conservatives, like, there's a new Scooby-Doo coming out. And it'd be funny if like, the right remade it. It's just like, Scooby and the gang going around, ripping the wigs off the transgender people. It's like, that's not a woman. Some guy would have got away with it. We solved the case of the Starbucks ghoul. As enough time passed that we can, can we admit that Trump was funny? Can we finally admit that he was funny? Well, hold on. I don't like the tone of that. That's not what I'm going for here. The great leader. He was funny. Now whether or not that's a great quality, the commander-in-chief, that's definitely up for debate. But he was funny. I saw it. And I lived in New York, so the whole time he was in office, I would be like, you know, something would happen. I'd show my friends up there. Look at that. They'd be like, what? All right, but it's funny. Like, there's nothing funny about Donald Trump. I don't know. During Hurricane Dorian, he was like, maybe we should nuke it. Like, that was a real suggestion from the president. The president said that. The president of the United States. He was like, hey, we got a big storm coming. You guys want me to blow it up? I was like, no, what the fuck are you talking about? I don't know. I fuck around, dude. That's what I do. I don't know. Nowadays he's gone. I'll never, like I'll never watch a debate ever again. You imagine like just a regular debate now? After we wouldn't, like we witnessed the go. Undefeated. In debates. And he never said a fact. You know, I'm pressive that is. He was funny and he argued like a fifth grader. He was unstoppable. People would try to hit him with statistics and facts. He would just go, wrong. Like, holy fuck, dude. How was no one prepared for this? Go back and watch those debates. You forget how electric that shit was. Don't tell your friends in Austin. They'll be mad. Just get a six pack. Talks on a Trump highlight video on YouTube. It's a good night, dude. Why I went back. I watched his first debate. That's like my favorite one. At the time, Trump was pulling it like less than 1%. Like he was no one liked him. If you guys like him now, you didn't back then. And I know that because my dad, I watched my dad. My dad at the time, he would like any time Trump even came on TV. My dad would go, good day. Good day to you guys. He was like, you have to wait for the time. You would like any time Trump even came on TV. You might have, like, good just fucking Joker. Get him off the fucking screen. And then now my dad's like, you're all fucking guys can't go to the Capitol. He's like, you guys can't have fun anymore. And it was coming to the debates. That's how we got Trump. These debates. And the first one was the best one. So he said Republican Prime Minister, everyone's up on stage. still doing their political shit. So like the first couple guys that talk are like, I'm from Kentucky and I love the education. And the crowd's like, nice. We didn't know what was coming. And the next guy's like, I'm from Georgia and I love religion. The crowd's like, pretty good. This is a good one. This is a heated debate. And then I finally got to Trump's turn to talk. And he was just like, Rand Paul is ugly and the whole crowd was like, oh! You know you could do that in this. You can just do that as your thing. And Rand Paul's like, all right, everybody settle down. We're trying to have a debate here. And the whole crowd was like, shut the fuck up, Rand Paul. Ugly bitch. And we just kept throwing dorks up on stage to make them debate Trump. It was not fair. It was mean for us to have done that to people. These guys were in politics their whole lives. They just had to debate a fucking maniac up there. Who didn't give a fuck to. And I hate it. It was fun to cheer for him in the debates. It was fun to cheer for him in the debates. Because he was going up against guys that had been in politics for like 40 years. And then he showed up to the event, like, oh fuck it, what are we talking about? He had no clue. Every week he had no fucking idea. There's one debate. There's one debate. In the middle of it going back and forth about the economy with Ted Cruz. They're literally talking about the economy. And in the middle of it he's just like, Ted's wife, ugly as a dog. Like this. Holy shit, dude. And Ted was like, I'm from Texas. You don't talk about a man's family like that. You've got a dog wife, Ted. I was like, everyone knows. So. Yeah, and a week later, Ted Cruz was on TV, like, I support Donald Kennedy. It was like, you pussy. I will say this. The one thing that sucked about Trump losing was for me was because I just figured out kind of how to do his voice. That's kind of a bummer that I just, it's not hard to do Trump. It's very, all you have to do that is do that. Do that a second off from where it should be in the sentence. And then all you, like, you don't have to sound like him. All you have to do is get his cadence down. It's very easy. All you have to do is describe something and then say you described it that way. That's it. It's every time. What a big room this is. I walked in here. I said, wow, what a big room. That's it. Every time. Austin. A lot of homeless. I walked in here. I said, wow, that's a lot of homeless. You guys got it. You got it homeless. You got to, what are you guys doing about it? Whatever you guys are doing is not working. So just switch. I don't know what to do either. But do something. A lot of tents. Why? It's been making me laugh thinking about Trump, like, not understanding why people are homeless. I walked out of my stomach. I said, why? Living in tents, I could never these guys. But I will say this about trial. I don't want you guys to get, I don't want to turn this into a rally. I don't want you to. I will say this. I don't freak out. Just listen. I think it's fair to say that of all the presidents we've had, I think it's fair to say that Trump would have been the funniest one to see get shot. You know? Dude, the Patriots got fired up on that, dude. Let's have him fun at this show. No, look, I didn't even say it would be funny. I said, funny-est. It's a huge difference. Technically, there's a funniest of everything. There it is. It doesn't make it funny, but there is, like, think of the worst thing you can think of. There's a funniest one. I'll go first. I'll think of one. It's closer to you. None of those are funny. Zero funny. But maybe there was one where the horse girl in the class could sense something was coming. You know what I mean? They were like, what's wrong? And she was like, pfft. I was like, pfft. You know? But back to what I was saying about it. If you had what I said was true. If you had to rank them from least funny to funniest assassination, easy number one. Really? He'd be talking shit like when it happened. He'd be doing another rally. My opponent's gay. I walked in. I saw him. I said, well, this guy's gay. The shooter would be coming out of you. Sit down. You were gay. You were gay. You get hit. He'd definitely make a funny noise into them. Like, you'd get hit back. Pfft. It fell. You fall funny. I will say, I did write that joke before Biden could be added to the rankings. I don't think he would be the funniest, but the only reason Biden might be the funniest is because I think Biden's the first president you could punch assassinate. You know what I mean? Just walk right through the metal text, and say, Mr. President, oh, what are you doing? Do you mind? It's a body shot. I dad that joke. My dad's. He gave me a talk about killing presidents. I'm like, what about Biden? He's like, yeah. My dad's, he's a good. Good guy. He's an alcoholic. But he's good. He's like a good. He's a good alcoholic. He's not hurting anybody. But everyone's always has an excuse while he's drinking. That's what's funny about it. Like, he can never just get hammered at me. Like, yeah, I got fucked up. Like, it's always, like, you'll see him on like a Monday. You'll be like, damn, it's Monday. You're getting fucked up. He's like, it's fucking Monday night football. I have a couple drinks. Jeez. You'll see him on like a Tuesday. You'll be like, damn, it's Tuesday. You're getting fucked up. He's like, it's fucking. There's no football. What the hell? And then my sister does heroin. And that one where like, you do need to, you know, you need to stop doing that. Which sucks for her, because if she played guitar, everybody would be like, uh, yeah. I'm gonna step she's a hairdresser here, so. That's not as cool. Relax. It's my family. It's my family. Don't worry about it. Actually, based on this crowd, I'm sure it's actually a lot of you guys. Families. And that's all right. We're allowed to talk about it. My sister, so she was doing heroin. We had to have an intervention for her. She lived down in Pittsburgh. We live in the middle of Pennsylvania, so we had to trick her to come home. You got to trick them. I don't know if you know these guys. They're not just fucking stopping by. They're very busy. They're the busiest people. They get a bad rap for being lazy. Does it take a lot of naps? But if they're awake, they're fucking, you're very busy. They're scaring around. They're doing quests. That's what they do. If you do heroin long enough, you run out of money. You got to start doing quests. You know, it's like a fucked up game of Zelda every day. You just wake up to a new quest. It's like, you need to gather coppers. You're going to find a scrap yard. It sounds nice. I wish I got quests. But eventually the quests get pretty dark. Scrappy yard. That's like level one. Towards the end, the quests, you need to get titty fucked behind the home depot. That's what it's time for a change. So we had to come up with a plan to trick her to come home for the intervention. The plan we came up with was we told her that we had won tickets to go to six flags. And it worked. She called back. She's like, all right, I'll be there. She got on the first bus. It's like a seven hour bus ride. There's nothing to them, dude. If you take heroin, every bus is a bullet train. There's a five minute ride, tops. Anyway, so the plan was pick my sister up from the bus stop, not take her to six flags. Take her to a hotel where we're going to have an intervention. I didn't want to start the intervention with like a lack of trust. So I took her to six flags. The day of her intervention, that day she and I went to six flags together. And I thought that was a nice gesture, but it turns out intervention is supposed to be rock bottom. You know what I mean? Like intervention is supposed to be the worst day of your life. Not like you're tired from easily the best day. Humanly, I mean, she took heroin and rode roller coasters. It was, dude, it was impossible. We sat it out and we thought, you better fucking change your life. She's like, I don't want to go back tomorrow. We're like, no. And I was with her. She was fucked up. If you know anyone from Pittsburgh, you know what she was wearing. She was wearing a Steelers jersey and pajama pants. Steelers pajama pants. She dusted off her finest tines award for the occasion. So we get in there. There's a water park there. We didn't know. They added that. We haven't been there since we were kids. We get in there. There's one of those water slides. It's just like a fucking straight drop. Like no sides on it, no raft. Just by yourself. She looks at it. She's like, I want to go up on that one. I was like, yeah, yeah, fuck it. You know? I knew she was going to rehab like that night. So I was like, yeah, good, this one in. You're about to have a rough couple months here. That's just gonna be. Also, I figured they would stop her. She was wearing a Steelers jersey and pajama pants. Trying to get on a water slide. All they did was make her take her fucking crocs off. There's your yellow scrubs. So she's climbing up this ladder. She gets to the top of this fucking giant water slide. And you know how like when it's your turn next on a water ride, you gotta like lay there in that water and like wait to go. She, she knotted off. She took a nap up at the top like a Dracula. Laying in front of some high school lifeguard that's like, man, it's your turn. They just center down there to sleep. Just, just flying down this thing, dude. She hit, there's a ramp at the end. She hit her, we all got to watch her wake up in air. And she did the whole fucking... You know, I don't know how that wasn't fucking rock bottom. It's like you woke up in air. Anyway, don't be sad about it. She's good, she did go to rehab. And that's good, yeah, she's done. She stopped using it, she's sober, she's all good. Two years clean, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's good. She did get cancer though. And COVID. Cancer and COVID. Bam, bam, bam. Why? So, yeah, I'll tell you what, this was cool. I got, I was with her, I lit, she was at home, she went back to my parents, because when you have cancer and COVID, you gotta go home. You have to go home, you can't keep hanging out. But no, I was with her, it was crazy. She, this year she beat heroin cancer and COVID. It was like living with fucking Rocky. It was crazy dude, every week my whole family was like, give up, you're never gonna win this. She's like, he's kept winning. When she got COVID, I was like, all right, you're definitely dead. She's like, oh, COVID. So, I ain't here no bell. This fucking is wailed on it, dude. Yeah, she's got a hell of a chin. Hell of a chin on my sister. And that's what, what better quality could you ask for in a human? Anyway. Damn, dudes. Fuck that music across the street, dude, that fucking bothers me. I'm an old man now, turn it down. Turn it down, what is that, rap? Turn it off. I gotta talk about my sister, ruin heroin over here. This has been making me laugh. I've been thinking about like the first time, like Jesus Christ. I do comedy a lot. And every once in a while you can hear music from another room and it's like, damn, dude, music's so much better than God. Every time I hear music, I'm like, fuck, dude, that shit crushes what I do. Some fucking idiot dressed like Cam Newton, press and play. It's so much better than this. Like, you guys want to hear about my problems? This guy's like, take Molly, finger someone, press play, you guys do you. Fuck, there haven't so much fun over there. Get out of here, you motherfucker, go dance. I knew you wanted to dance. Like I wanted to dance all night. Alright, I like my family. It's a good family. I had to go to my niece's seventh and eighth grade girls volleyball match recently. No, kidding, I'm kidding, dude, shut up. Just relax. I don't want to fuck kids. But if you ever want to get out of something, that's all you have to do. Like, if you're a friend, like, do you want to come to our son's T-Ball game? Be like, what grade are the kids in? And then no matter what they say, go, oh, fourth. No, I went to this fucking kids volleyball match. Can we knock it off with volleyball shorts on little kids? It's weird. It's gross, dude, just get them gym shorts. That's all. No, dude, it's gross. Because then, you know, it's just me and the other uncles up in the bleachers kind of make an eye contact with each other. Bro, are you seeing this? Such a funny way to just destroy a show. Just right at the very end, be like, aren't kids hot? You know, give it up for Trump. Aren't kids hot? No, I am truly I'm serious about the gym shorts though. It's weird. And so I got home from this fucking volleyball match. My roommate, his girlfriend played college volleyball. So I'm very excited to like, shit on volleyball whenever I can't. So I get in there and I was like, you know, volleyball is fucking, that's a weird culture. Get them fucking shorts. Get them gym shorts. The shorts they're wearing is gross. And she was like, no. We need those shorts for speed on the court. And I was like, I know that's not true. I watched the NBA. None of you are moving as fast as like a ref. And those guys are wearing like slacks dress shoes for some reason. She was like, no, we need those shorts. The tight shorts they're essential. She compared them to like a helmet in football. I was like, I know they're not essential because I googled the special Olympics volleyball team. All of a sudden those shorts weren't so essential for them. What's that about? How baggy do you think they're? They looked like the fucking N1 mix they're about there. Offensively baggy is how I would describe all of their attires. No. Bro, adults, we all agree the special Olympics is a good program. I just, it's great. I just feel like the guy who came up with it had to be like a real risk taker. You know what I mean? That's a wild thing to suggest for the first time. There's some guy in a board meeting like, I got an idea. We should be racing these motherfuckers. It's like, what did you say? He's like, fucking town overs said they had the fastest ones. So we settle it, you know. I'm not making fun of the Olympians. The concept is wild. It's a wild, like if you're a best friend in Venice, the special Olympics, and told you about it first, you'd be like, don't ever tell anybody that. Who the fuck are you going to tell that to? What are you doing? Polval? I actually personally, I actually volunteered and coached with the special Olympics for a little while. So, you know, what did you guys do? No, don't clap. Please. I did it for those kids. No, I'm kidding. No. I looked like this. So, me coaching the special Olympics, I was like a fucking double agent. No one knew who side I was on to. Player of chaperones, no one knew. I'd be standing there coaching, holding a clipboard with five dudes that looked exactly like me. You know, see the coaches from the other team looking over like, I think they got, I think they're fucking letting one of them coach the other. Yeah. No, I did coach the special Olympics for a little while, and it's fun. That's another thing you're allowed to talk about. It's happy. Everyone there is sportsmanship. It is funny. Don't let anyone tell you it's not funny, dude. I was there. Everyone there is laughing. It's fun. I coach basketball. Kids would catch the ball and just fucking, just fucking, launch it into the bleachers. They'd be like, what the fuck are you doing out there? I don't know. I was like, I don't know. I was fucking. My whole team ruled. Everybody, every dude on my team was, they were the funniest. They fucking, they were bros. They were bros, dude. My whole team loved two things. They loved tits. They do. I don't know if you know these guys, dude. They fucking loved the ladies. They loved the ladies. And they loved John Cena. That's it. That was the news. Every day. We'd be in the huddle. They'd be like, there's a lot of ladies here tonight. I was like, ooh, yeah. They'd be like, what do you think John Cena's up to? Oh, you're gonna have to get way worse before you meet him. See, John Cena's like the angel of death for those guys. I told my guys. I was like, you see Cena coming. You get the fuck out of there. He's taking souls with him. Every year, hooters would sponsor our one basketball tournament. So every year, hooters would bring like three or four waitresses and they would present like a big cardboard check donation to the Special Olympics. As soon as the girls entered the gym, the game changed. Entirely, dude. It went from like hugs and sportsmanship to just, I dudes got competitive. Like very competitive. Fucking ripping down rebounds. It's hitting my ups. And then at the end of the game, there'd be a hug line. Between the waitresses and the players. And yeah, that went about exactly how you would imagine that one. We had to break out the fucking jaws of life, too. My boys are ragged all those young sluts. And I'm not knocking the players. They were totally in the right. The girls were hot. The waitresses, like every year, I would sneak into the hug line myself. Alright, I think I'm gonna get out of here, guys. Thank you guys very much. She's a lot of fun. Thank you. You
For negative back making movies again like a motherfucker now. We making movies every motherfucking week we make a movie now. White people thought we was gonna make gone with the win our first motherfucker movie. That a bitch if we kept doing it we'd have get it right. And now because white people make movies they used to make themselves heroes like Tarzan, one white motherfucker went to the jungle and took it over. Swing through the motherfucking trees and hollinship. Raps with alligators. A nigger been living in a jungle all his life. Couldn't say hello to a motherfucking monkey. That a bitch. I don't know what they got niggered to play in the movies too. They'd be going through the jungle with two bedroom apartments on their motherfucking head. Did they made a scary motherfucking movie with the exorcist about a little white bitch get attacked by the devil. It was supposed to be scary to have a nurse in the show with white vote. They'd be passing out the devil. Niggered was in there eating popcorn. Get the devil bitch. Go ahead get the bitch. And this little white girl got possessed by the devil and she passed and she fell. And spent on a mom and shit like that. That's why my sister couldn't have never got possessed by the devil. Because soon she spit on my mama. That would have been it. Herring the motherfucking devil both. Go home and spit on a black mama and see what happened to your ass. The devil be out on Broadway. See niggers never get possessed by the devil. Cause we got too many problems already. Cause I was as soon as my mama would have walked into house. My mama was a girl. What the fuck's wrong with you? Got all that green shit around your mouth? You've been down there fucking with the Mexicans again, eh? You got guacamole all over the motherfucking house. I'm sorry, Mexicans. I love y'all. You don't have to have no green car. I wouldn't give a fuck. I hope they bring on 100,000 more. You motherfuckers over here. Cause somebody got to wash these cars and pick this fruit. And I ain't gonna do a motherfucking thing never in life. So there's one thing I found out about work. It take a whole motherfucking day. Think I'm busy. I got a job. I'm looking for one. And then they made super fly. I don't give a fuck what the black preachers say. Kiss my ass. I love super fly. It was about a cool motherfuckers. Not a cocaine all day. Kicked the police ass. Had a custom Cadlack and didn't go to the army. I love the motherfuckers. About the president. I'm making a law where every motherfucker had to watch it once a week. But the only thing about that movie is it's sent a lot of negative to the penitentiary trying to do that shit for real. I didn't even know about cocaine till I saw the movie. But I'm glad I saw it. Now I'm snorting everything I can get my nose on. Sock. Blower. Bacon powder. God gave me some pineapple coke last night. Massing gildussian powder. My nose ran all night. I had to put a minute bad on the motherfucker. Let's girl go on. You'd be mad if you didn't need one this month, would you? And there's nigga with you be mad too. Especially if you haven't fucked yet. But you know what? Nobody calls up ABC, NBC, and CBS and tell them to take Kotech commercials off of television. Now on television all day long I came to eat my dinner. I'd be eating a little grease and ham hawks and I put a little vinegar on them and the commercial come back on. We didn't put the vinegar back in the dust. Now what nigga can eat lunch after that? Then they got another commercial and later be running slow motion. She said get a minute bad. You can swim in it. Comes in three different sizes. It's got a plastic strip on it. Then they got a lady with a great big ass turn. Makes me look like I ain't wearing nothing. That a bitch. I got a big TV too. A ass just fall out on the living room floor. I go up and feel them all the fuckers. But one thing I want to say, you look beautiful tonight. God damn it, you look good and we glad of that because it's hard to do a show in front of a bunch of ugly motherfucker. Normally ugly people just pay extra money and rush their ugly ass right down front. But you look nice. I swear you do. But I also must admit there are a few ugly people sprinkle here and there around the world. And you ugly motherfucker. Know who you are? And the guy sitting next to you know you ugly do. Look at everybody looking all you the ugly motherfucker. But don't mess with no ugly guy here. Kick your ass cause he's mad cause he's ugly. They want to put a scar on your ass so you be ugly. They are. You never saw a nice looking person start a fight. Always the ugly motherfucker. I think it ought to be a law against two ugly people. You'll bring another ugly motherfucker in the world. And then they ain't got nothing to do and then you got crime. You don't believe me? K.A.D. down the jail. Nothing down there but ugly motherfucker. I was the nicest looking guy there. I'm out of here ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much. Right home, baby.
Okay. We are women. We are free. We're bringing in the picture, okay? We are women. Here are our babies. We are women. We are women. Here are our babies. We are women. Here are our shop. We are women. We have no doubt. We are women. We are free. Shut the fuck up. Thank you. Oh, my end word. What's up, homie? Oh, my end word. Oh, my end word. Yeah. Oh. What a... What a... How you act, homie? What a friend makes a mistake, huh? No, really? Oh, oh, oh. Oh, so what? It's just me getting hurt. Does that funny? No, hooch, man. What the fuck you? I'm gonna put you in the fucking ground. You laugh at me again. Man, calm down. I have met a lot of assholes in my life, but you... Oh, you're not long for this world. If this is the way you fucking act, you little junk that mother fucker. Look, how about this, man? Calm down. It was funny at first, man. I made a mistake. Unfortunately, man, you failed. It was fun. All right? I apologize. I accept your apology. Okay? All right, so... Let's hug it out. No! No! Right? You're fucking gotcha! Oh, fuck, no, I'm not funny. Fucking asshole! Oh, fuck, I... It's not a difficult... Childhood. Man, man, you all right? I'm just fucking on edge, you know? I love you, right? I would have... I would have... The fuckin'! Look, man, let's just say that you had some information for us about Michael. Michael, fuck Michael. I hope he's dead. Man, I know y'all too, man. Come on, man. You two have beef before. But what the fuck happened in North Yang? Somebody pissed you, man. Ooh! My friend Ron met these Chinese assholes. They're from Yangshan and China. We had some problems. They mistakenly thought Michael was a human being and kidnapped. Yeah, and now it looks like they hold him somewhere in a city. Yes. Come on, bro. Or go fuck yourself. Get that piece of shit. That's your fucking business, all right? He's dead to me. All right? And chances are, if and when I see him, he's gonna be dead to everyone else as well. Hey, come on, bro. Don't do that. You're pushing your luck, pal. What was that? What? What was that? Uh, nothing. Ah! Yes, all! Everybody! Assholes! Oh, you got damn d. Ah! Shit hit.
Who does she know? It's you? Who's the best cook? Oh, her choice. Taking it out and getting it out. Everyone, get back to your feet. Is he jealous? Yeah Woo Yeah, what's up? Make some noise, baby. Make some noise. I know that calls some money. You hold it. You hold it. I'm gonna watch your ass too. How y'all doing? When I say, hey, you say, oh, hey, hey, when I say, won't some, you say, oh, won't some. Won't some. More. I want some more. Yeah Boy, you're really doing it. Some of a bitch. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Some of a bitch. It's good to see why people smile in an everything. You're not about a wife here, but y'all brave mother vaga. Because after that, oh, Jay shit, they was mad in their mother vaga, wasn't it? This is an outrage. Son of a fucking orange. Fucking orange juice. Juicy. I'm gonna yell, it's turning in your hurts, running cars and everything. I don't want this shit. Fucking juicy. And brothers, it was partying like, I'm fucking out of the chat. Cheer, cheer, cheer. Give it up for you. I just got back from Africa. Give it up, baby. Give it up, baby. Come on now. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. Give it up. And that's just an airport. I'll be getting it, man. I'll be getting it, man. I'm using the cover. I will make it. I will make it. Make you want to hunt, boy. Let puppy comms do the remix on that shit. Pooh-do-do-booh-do-do-booh-do-booh. Who money got yet? Uh, bad boy. Who money? That's right. Puppy, what are you doing in there? Sound like you and the booth getting ahead or something, what are you doing? What are you doing to record the remix? Yeah. Bad boy. That's right. Whoo! Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Africa, man. Africa. But you know what's crazy, because over in Africa, they got drive-by's in there. I think that's some shit. Drive-by's in Africa. That's some shit. Only they do a different over there. They'd be like, uh-uh. Did we get him? I'm holding one Nick Seven with my nox. But you know, drive-by's a craze over here too, man. We got to like start talking to these kids, you know, stuff, try to, you know, get them back on the path and stuff. The drive-by's getting crazy, man. Because I was an LA man and they shot at this guy, you know, because they thought he was throwing up gang signs. He was just, you know, he was signing. No, I'm serious. He was talking to somebody. He was like, he was death. And the brother thought he was throwing up gang signs. So they shot at him. Ain't that fucked up? Shot him and he just talking, you know, you know, when I, you know, when I had shame, man. No, no, I was a portray. What the fuck, man? You shoot him? That's bullshit, man. That's some bullshit. I know they're not dressing. You ever know that? I know they're not dressing. You ever know that? Yeah, man. But you know what? It's crazy. And guys, I want to tell you this, you know, start respecting, you know, you women and everything. Fellas respect you, women. Respect you, women. And be respectful. Ladies, you be respectful. Because, y'all, look at the olive. The only thing I be respectful. Because that's what happened when all that old-j-sia, you know, because the fact of it is that if somebody's seeing somebody else or somebody's dating somebody, you let them know. You know, that was that whole relationship triangle shit. If you got a man or you got a woman, let somebody know. Because somebody out here right now with somebody else's shit. And they come in here, they're going shoot there with the... What you at? Let them know. Fellas, you know, ladies, let the brother know if you got somebody say, I want to get you this. But I can't right now. Because... I got a man. He ain't shit, he ain't worth a shit. You know, he own work, he don't come home when he's supposed to do anything like that. And he don't respect me like he should and all that shit. But I love him. He's my man. He ragged in the mouth open. But I love his ragged ass. And then he was a... I want to get you this. And Fellas, you do the same thing. But you're trifling asses. And I'm with you because I ain't worth a shit either. You know, I tell you in a minute. And when you tell, you know, ladies, hey, I want to get you... Get you this. Well, it's some of y'all, because I'm under... BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Like a door stopper, shit. BOOM! I want to get you that, but I can't because I got a lady. I don't know why she like me. I ain't shit, I ain't worth a damn. But she loves me. You let them know. That's what I'm saying. And ladies, say what's on your mind. Because, you know, like when I want to get a lady, I'm straight, you know, straight forward. I don't be bullshitin' around. You know, I'm like, hey, I saw you. You know, you was at the show. You was laughing and stuff. And I just thought maybe you could come back to the hotel and shit. And I... I could hit it. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Okay, fuck it. I was checking your out. You was laughing and shit. You know, I was wondering if you could... Keep you get one. You just cast all you need is one. Because I hate it when ladies do shit like this. When ladies you try to get at them and then ladies say, I usually don't do this. I'm serious. I use you on do this. I am serious. I use you on do this. I swear. I use you on do this. I swear. But it's something about you, Jamie. You're just so funny and everything. You know, you just make me feel so comfortable. I mean, I really? Uh, yeah. You want to go up to the room for a second? I don't be going up to nobody's... Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! This is a nice room. By user, you've asked right here and I don't be doing this. I swear to God I don't be doing this. But it's something about you, Jamie. You just make me feel so comfortable. Yeah, well, you want something to drink or something? You know, I ain't had a drink about... Oh, is that tank a rake? Oh, that shit make me crazy. I normally don't drink like this, Jenny, but you make me feel so comfortable. Yeah, well, I want you to sit on the bed for a second. You know, I'm your bed. I don't be sitting on nobody's bed and stuff, you know, because I just usually don't do no shit like that. You know, but it's this, uh-oh. Is this the porta-peatic? I usually would sit down, but this is the porta-peatic. So I sit on this just cause of the porta-peatic. I ain't never sat on the porta-peatic. I swear, but it's something about you, Jenny. You just make me feel so... So I'ma sit right here. But don't you be trying no bullshit. I'ma sit right here on the edge and be trying to... This is nice. porta-peatic and stuff. Yeah, you want me to rub your shoulders? I am kind of tight. Not for long. What you saying? I said, don't get me wrong. Don't get me wrong. But first, you got a backup, a little bit. Back up. Yeah, back up to me right here. Yeah, a little bit further. Right here. Come on back a little bit. Right here? Yeah. Hey. For real, uh. It just rubbed my shoulders. Any kind of how to hear it. It is kind of how I'm just going to take this top part out. But you know, I usually don't do no shit like this. Jamie, but I'm going to take the top part out. But you mind your manners. I don't do this, but you just make me feel so... No. So you watch out. And to... Ooh, I want you to... Ooh, ooh, ooh. Ooh. Ooh, your hands are scrummed. Ooh, they're so scrummed. Oh, you got some a scrum in your hands. Oh, you're... Ooh, Jamie, don't touch my titty. You don't make me start doing some. I want to do that, Jamie. You better start, Jamie. You better start. Jamie. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, shit. I normally don't do this. But you make me feel so... Yeah, yeah, you're ready for some comedy. Give it up. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Give it up again to me.
I mentioned I was in Vegas for my Bob's night party and one of the nights when my friends and I were drinking, we decided to go around and share what the dirtiest thing actually was that we've ever done. And it got to our really boring, rude friend in the group, like the Charlotte O'Veigh group, you know. We don't know much. And she goes, well, I don't want to tell you guys because I think you'll judge me. I'm like, oh my god, it's going to be my favorite. What is it? Well, Jeremy and I have been using food in the bedroom lately. Like, okay, like, whipped cream? No cupcakes. And at this point I think, oh god, is she just eating cupcakes in bed with her boyfriend? The bread is crumbs on the sheets are still dirty. So finally I was just like, bitch, what is it? It can't be that bad. Well, instead of frosting, he comes on the cupcake and then he eats it. I was like, oh, I'm definitely judging you. And your brother, we smell like Elmer's glue. I love that most women in that situation are like, tell me when you're going to come. So that they don't have to swallow it. And my friend is like, tell me when you're going to come. You raised my rolls? What is wrong with you? And why did you do this? Also, what a terrible consumption strategy. Come is not meant to be slowly savored like that. It's meant to be taken like a shot of Cuervo. It's not delicious. No one here has ever swallowed a gun. Do you have more of that? All right, I'm Kelsey.
I'm gonna tell you that the bar north is real loud, John. Yeah! Yeah! Everybody talking about fucking, man. I don't know, magic, that shit, I ain't no. I ain't down with OPP, HIV, I ain't down with shit. But the brother was brave, because I don't care what you say. Magic came out and told everybody, I got it. That was brave. I don't give a fuck. What you say? I don't care. Because the nigga like me would have never told. I could have been three pounds. Now I ain't shit wrong with me. No, that's no wrong, nigga. I'm fucking with that dick Gregory, but ain't. I ain't shit wrong with me. I know, no, I ain't even safe to fuck no more, man. You can die fucking ain't nothing worth dying for. I can't think of shit I'd die for. If a motherfucker pulled a gun, my mother'd be like, hey, what'd she do? She fuck with your money? I'm sorry, mama, you got to go. You pray all the time, you're going to have a stop crime. I'm not pushing, they're gonna send me to that desert storm. Niggas is a storm over here, fuck that. I'm not dying for nobody. And white people try to trick you. Giving your life in your country, hey, that's the greatest thing you can do. That's bullshit. Remember the coward lives to tell how that brave motherfucker got killed. He ran after cannons and then I ran home. With my check, I'm not dying for nobody. I will write a book about it called going like a motherfucker. Ain't shit worth dying over, man. I'm not pushing. That's why I could never have a job. I was expected to give my life like a secret service agent got a jumper from the president and take a bullet. I could see me my first day at work. I had to put something wrong. What a president? That motherfucker laying in the street. Will you act behind the truck? Niggas? Shit. I'm not dying for nobody because I want to get paid. I don't know about you. I want to be rich. Whatever you got to do to make money long as you don't hurt nobody is fine with me. Like everybody talking about James Worthy, the law saying it's like, we got busted in the motel with two prostitutes. Ladies, how many of you would leave him for that? That's what I thought. That motherfucker make five million dollars a year. For five million dollars a year, James Worthy could fuck me. You understand that? Go and do what you want, James. Now you sure you don't know nobody I know, right? Two weeks later, I'd be on Oprah. Oprah, he used me. James didn't really love me. Yeah, I'm not a bush. And you got to have money to take women to rest for us. Because women go to rest for us to lose. They got their mind. They got to order from that expensive side of the menu, decide what the steak and the lobster and the dumb perillaume. Guys like to give them that little warning too, huh? Who, honey, you understand? That's the fucking side of the menu you understand that. No, no, no, no. No, no. You order from that side of the menu, somebody is fucking you understand that. I'm not saying it's you, but somebody live where you live is fucking me, you understand that? It's steak, lobster, and dick. It is a combination. That's right. I wonder that men and women at home making love, she's going, can we stop now? I'm bitch, you want them chicken wings, you keep going. And you had a doggy back, that means I'm coming back tomorrow. God damn it. Fuck, man. Because black men, black mothers are always the same, and women, they get up, they go old, they become mothers. Black mothers are all, man, when you be way down the street, your mother call your house. Black women was immersed, you runnin' house, come here, come here, you runnin' house. What you want, mama? Turn the TV. It's like, ain't you right next to that motherfucker? I hate her. Make me sick, would you say nothing? Damn. Stinky lady. Mama's stink. I don't know, man. A lot of people believe in heaven, a lot of people believe in hell, man. A lot of people do, man. Somebody asked me did I believe in heaven and hell? I said, I don't know, you know, but then I was reading. I read that 100 million Africans, 100 million Africans, dig this, died in the slave trade. 100 million, man, it's only 250 million people in this country. 100 million people is more than some countries have. That'd be like, that's the third of this country, that'd be like every third motherfucker, everywhere you went, just got up and walked out, never came back. Do I believe in heaven and hell? I believe if you been black, you should, I'm actually get to go to heaven because you don't already cut, hey. That. That. That. That's cheating. She did. But then do that, man. Because I believe in Jesus, I don't want to be one of the brothers that don't believe in Jesus. But what the Bible says, the Bible is scary to see it on it. Jesus is coming back like a thief in the night. The night when you look at it, that's when you do. Most of you're fucking up. You get that knock at that motel door? Who is it? It is on my son. Woo! Girl, put your pennies on that sheet. It's not the door. I gotta go, see ya. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
this before. It is drunk. This goodbye gives me tears not by feeling like I was reading K ophy's lies. This is such a big night for you. But I'm celebrating. I finally just slept with my high school crush. Right? Thank you. But I swear now he like expects me to go to his graduation. Like, I know where I'm going to be in three years, right? I'm like, whoa. So it's down. Fucking kids, right? Fucking. You look like upset. Like, I don't fuck kids. That's a joke. Like, I would never. I shouldn't say never. That's like, you don't know. I feel like I just painted myself in a corner there. But it's not a good way to start. This is a beautiful theater. I should have started off with something other than kid fucking. You guys are right. Start over. Class it up. My mom's a cunt. Hear me out. I know, like, not everyone's comfortable with that word. Half of you are like, oh, right. No, don't say that. And the other half of you are like, oh, my God, what a coincidence. I brought her to a soccer game because I wanted to show her what boundaries look like, you know? I was like, look. She's like, I don't see him. I'm like, I know. I know. Stop calling my friends. How about that? She's always bragging about the dumbest stuff. The other day she was telling me, she's like, you know, I can still fit in my wedding dress. I was like, oh, my God. Who cares, right? I mean, it is weird that she's the same size now as she was when she was eight months pregnant, but I just... I don't think bragging is cool. A little about me. I took Plan B about 10 days ago. Thank you. Oh, my God, you guys. It's the only clap if you mean it. I did. You know what it is? There's some people here. It's the morning after pill. I take it the night before because I'm smart. But some people like to... I'm with you good people. I believe birth begins at conception. So I just like, beat that shit. Plan B is all. Who's taking it? Who's taking it? Thank you. Oh, sorry. Room of heroes. Everyone's like... Oh, I did. I took it. It's over. I went to my normal pharmacy. I walk in. Pharmacist is like, hey, I'm like, please don't call me a nickname. He's like, what do you want, Ambien? I'm like, no, I'm not addicted to that. You guys know that. I only take that when I'm drinking. They're like, what do you want? I was like, Plan B. And they were like, they didn't even hide it. They're like, ew, you whore. I was like... Yeah, you can't say that. They're like, you're going to feel nauseous. I was like, oh, I took it. I felt fine. I went to yoga. I'm like, can these people tell I'm like mid-abortion right now? This is... This is not good. It was easy. They should call it Plan A. That's how I used to. That's a great plan. Let's start with this one. I don't think that's like adorable that I just took Plan B. I'm 31. That's not cute at all. That's cute when you're like, you're like 21. You go, you sit on your mom's bed, you cry, and you're like, oh, the condom broke. I'm like, the what broke? I do. I still think I'm 20. It's so gross. Every bar I go to, I show my ID. They're like, no, that's okay. They're really relaxed here. I hope they don't get rated at this place. I don't know. But the girls I grew up with, they're living normal adult lives. So they call me now and they're like, hey, I'm pregnant. And I still react like, what are you going to do? I'm like, I'll drive you, I guess. That's my favorite reality show. You know, Shotsin mom. Or if you're from the south, mom. They don't wait, right? This is poor planning on my part. I'm kind of dizzy. I donated blood today. That's what I call getting an AIDS test. I know. People hate that joke. They have AIDS. So if you didn't laugh, get tested. Check it out. I went through a breakup this year, this guy. I walked in on him masturbating. Yeah, he's like, are you mad? I'm like, no, but you seem to be holy shit. I'm like, does it owe you money? Why are you... He's in this guy. We were so different. I knew he was like really into family, you know, and I mentioned my mom. He'd never come on the road with me on the weekends, because he wanted to spend time with his wife. And I just... I'm better. No, the truth is I thought he was going to bring up with me the whole time for the lamest reason, because I wouldn't swallow. But I have a not allergy. Like, what did he expect? Stop telling us it's good for our skin. Fuck you guys. What girl is like, oh, okay. Guys are so gross, right? Guys are gross. You're gross, okay? They're so gross. I had sex with a guy recently, more semen than you've ever seen in your life. I was like, did you just get out of jail? What's... What is the meaning of this? It's a compliment. No. But that's what guys want, because they're so gross. If it were up to them, we'd all look like Carrie and the prom scene at the end. Just... No girl wants that. We don't want that. We're lazier than you. If it were up to me, the cleanup would be me taking a Q-tip, going, boop, a sleep. That's it. Instead, I was like, I've been slimed. Well, I like to watch porn. Like, what girls in here like porn? Thank you. I love it. All the whores are in the front. This is the best. I don't like to watch the end of porn. I don't like to watch the end of any porn, because guess what happens at the end of the rainbow every time? Spoiler alert. He comes at her face. Oh! What an amazing choose your own adventure. That always ends exactly the same. There's never a twist, right? He's never like the guys having sex with her. He looks off camera in her backpack. He's like, oh, are you reading that Nicholas Barx book, too? Oh my god. What are the chances? Let's start a bed and breakfast together. No. He just comes on her head. We don't want to see that. I don't want, because we think about that girl, like that poor girl. And we know, as soon as the director yells cut, that she's just stumbling around like Helen Keller looking for a towel. Just wear. Did you guys go to lunch? This isn't cool. You promised this is good for my skin. So the guy I was dating, he was like so lazy. He was one of those dudes. He wouldn't go down on me. I had to become a climber every time. Head up there, just holding onto the headboard, like a nosy neighbor peaking over the fence. I felt like Wilson from Home Improvement. I'm like, hey! Tool man, what? It is embarrassing up there. I wanted to date with a guy recently. He's like really hot, so I was pretending to be a good person. I was saying things like, I love kids, and I'm not racist. It's vague lies. And he's like pretend like you want to use a condom. I like to say something fun when I bring it up. But honest, I'll be like, you're going to want to wear this. I've had a busy month. It's like a petri dish right now. I don't know what's happening. But this guy we went out, and he was like, you can tell when a guy dates a lot. He had like date questions. He was like, if you could have lunch with anybody living or dead, who would it be? I thought about it. I answered honestly. I was like, Mark Twain. I think he was hilarious. And he goes, Amy, it's got to be somebody real. And he's like, oh, you're legit retarded. That's so cute. I'm going to sleep with a retarded person. I did. So I've been on the road a lot lately. And every town I go to, you have to do like local press. And they all ask the same questions every week. They ask me the same exact question. They're just like, what's the hardest part about being a female comedian? What is it? What's the hardest part? I'm like, what would you guess? Well, it's the rape. No, but they ask, they're just like, and I guess it's a normal question. Is it harder for female comics as a harder? And it's not. Like they think we just get up here and just bleed all over the stage. Oh, my ovary is how do I keep him in my body? I think it's totally not harder. It's harder to be a chick in general, for sure. That sucks. That's not fun. Right? Right, girls? No, it is. It sucks. Just in terms of laziness. Like, look at the guys you're here with tonight. Okay. Some of them bangable. Not all of them. Let's be real. Let's keep it honest. Okay. But like, what did you do to get ready? You know, like, how long did it take you to get ready? You didn't get ready is the answer. Men don't... They put on a shirt. They give themselves one of these in the mirror. They're out. That's it. And look at the shirts you guys are wearing. Every one of you that I can see, you could have worn that when you were a toddler on picture day. Everyone. No difference. Check it out. But look at the beautiful girls you're with. Look at it so much work for us. It takes me 90 minutes to look this mediocre. 90 minutes. We are circus freaks women. We are. We put paint on our faces like warriors. We were... I'm wearing stilts. We wear stilts. We wear heels all night. And we put a string in our buttholes. Just... Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Huh. Am I pretty? Huh. We were jewelry. Shini should look over here. Follow me to the altar. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. I think as a woman as you get older, you get lazier just by looking around. No. I just... I work in Vegas a lot. That doesn't sound awesome. But I do stand up in Vegas a lot. And I see these packs of young girls that still have the energy, you know, just a pack of girls. And I see these packs of young girls wearing tube dresses, right? And just the heels. They can't handle. They have to hold each other and do like Wizard of Oz walk, chain gang kind of... They all look identical. Looks like a horror computer just shot out a prototype and they just started walking. Tonight, tonight's the night, you guys. I like seeing them at the end of the night, you know, like it didn't work out. They're carrying their heels. They're crying their makeup off. It looks like they're melting. Why didn't anyone pick me? You have puke on your tube, Amber. It's all work. It's work having a vagina. That's work. Guys don't think that it's work, but it is. You think it just shows up like that to the event? It doesn't... Every night, it's like getting it ready for its first quince in-year-a. Believe me. It's a lot of work. It didn't used to be work. I know that from watching Vintage porn. It was no work. Zero. I even... I remember my mom bottomless when I was a kid. And it was just... BOOM! It looked like the black smoke monster from Lost was just following her. It's like... It's mom being swarmed by bees, what is? And then something happened. I don't know. Like 10, 15 years ago, all the dudes got together and had like a meeting. Like a fantasy football draft about our privates. They were like, we can't get in there. It's like being a nom, trying to... What do we do? And then they just came to us and they were just like, ladies, would you mind looking like babies again? And we were like, uh... Like, what do you mean? Just clean up the sides a little bit. Or the whole enchilada. And we're like, yeah, that's not super weird. Uh... So now we go. We get it done. We have to go get it done. Uh, yeah. Like that's... We go and get it done, guys. Like it doesn't just happen. I don't care how cool your girl is. She doesn't have like, alopecia of the crotch. It just falls out. And the shape of your initials. That's not what happens. That's not how it goes down. You know, we get it done. We have to go see a woman, usually from a third world country. It's never from like... Like, it's never me that comes and gets you from the waiting room. Like, I'll never be like, hi, I'm Ashley. I'm here to take care of your pussy. Like, no. That's not how it goes. Like, the chick who does it to me in New York, I think she's from like the killing fields of Cambodia. Like this poor woman, I can tell. Like, she has seen some shit, you know? She has been through it and she was like a doctor there. And now she does this and she hates me. And she's even hiding it. I walk in. She's like, ugh, I'm sorry. But she should. She should hate me because I'm like, we're the worst, white and tidal girls. I walk in chewing gum. My phone was like... I'm like, don't get any wax on my new eggs. What? She's like, my parents were murdered in front of me. I'm like, I'm on the phone. But she wins. Like, those chicks win every time. Because what they do, and I always forget this, they go, she goes and gets a mirror. And she shows it to me. She shows me my own vagina. And I have to act like I'm not horrified. And I'm horrified. It's the worst thing in the world. And what she's saying in that moment is, are you happy now? You dumb bitch. You just paid me to assault you. And now you look like a toddler. Is that what? Is that cool? Yeah? It's not cool. It's the worst thing you'll ever see in your life. It's red. It looks angry. It looks like an old man frowning. Just, no. Visit me. It's so much work. I think guys have it easier. I'm not sure. What do you guys think? Yeah? You do. Did you ever see an uncircumcized penis? You did. Did you know? Did you know you were going to see it? No. It's always a fucking surprise party, right? It's a big, it's him, right? It's him. Wait, here's the funniest thing. I'm sorry that everyone knows about your penis now, but here's the best part. He's wearing a shirt that says brown coats. Nobody ever tells you, right? He didn't tell you. They don't tell you shit. They're just like, boom, reunited with Snuffle Opagus. Enjoy. Enjoy. You guys are so cute. Why don't they tell us? Tell me. We have to become award-winning actresses. Like, oh, no, that's totally cool. Mom, can you come pick me up? I don't know. It's wearing like a hat or like a cape. Like a brown coat type thing. Why don't they tell us? I would tell you, if I had an extra flap over my clitoris, I'd give you a heads up. I would. I'd be like, you're going to encounter a wizard. Keep going. Take this compass. I'd make it exciting. I'd play the music from Zelda. Be great. I hooked up with a guy one time that had no testicles. Count them. Zero testicolo. You think he brought that up a dinner? Because he didn't. I got to find out in real time. It was dark in the room. Let me paint the romantic picture here. And I went right to the spot. I know them to always be. No GPS necessary. I picked up the main event. And I felt like a girl learning braille. I just kept. And like, we don't. Girls don't care about your balls. No one care. I would never call my sister the morning after the night. But this guy is balls. No. But when they're not there, you miss them. They're like grandparents. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. I'm not a real man. Thank you. The way I saw an uncircumcised penis, I met this guy at a bar. He was French. I should have known. But I didn't know he was French. I thought we were just wasted and faking the accent. It makes my vagina shut. I mean, thank God for that other hole. But my butthole. Oh, you knew. So I went home with this French guy because he said something adorable. I have an apartment. So we're making out. He's very sensual. He started to pick me up. He realized he was in over his head. I got planted back down. It's hard to feel sexy when a dude's winded from trying to hoist you. He's like legs are shaking. I tried to land cute like a gymnast. No, but I do. I know I have a body type. I know I'm a base. I get right down. I'm not hoist me up on top. I want to fly. I know my body type. I usually say, hey, no thanks. I'm like, hey. When I do get hit on, this guy came up to me. And he was from Texas or somewhere I'm not going. And he comes over and he's like, hey, I'll lock you. You're sturdy. I'm sorry. He's like, you look like you could take a punch. I'm like, oh. Don't I feel like the bell of the ball. I'm making out with Frenchinator. He gave up right away because he's French, I guess. Oh, my God. Thank you. He pulled his dick out immediately. He must have been thinking, she's the one. And I'm looking at it. I'm just like, what? What is that? Are we having a pillow fight? Why is the gnome from Travelocity in your underpants? But you guys are sensitive too. I couldn't do what I was thinking. I was like, ah, run down the five stories of his walk-up. I had to be a team player and be like, all right, here we go. Just fighting through the skin, trying to find his actual... I felt like I'm agissioned with the scarves. I'm just making sure I'm the best looking one of my friends. It's really easy. I cut certain people out of my life. And I now hand select strangers off of Facebook. And surround myself with real trolls and reptiles. You should see these monsters. I had a friend Nikki, she kept losing weight. I took her out of my phone. Fuck her, I'm sorry. But there's one check I've been friends with forever. Her name's Sabina. She's gorgeous. And of course she is with the name Sabina. What a white annoying name, right? You have to be so hot to pull off names like that. Sabina Priscilla. You can't have a bummy and a lazy eye and be like, I'm Sabina! It's nice try. We're going to call you Birth of Bitch. But that was cute. That was cute. Guys go crazy over her. I never get hit on like that. The only time I get hit on is last call at the bar. Right? That's when I shine. I'm telling you, what a weird time of night, right? The lights go on. Just feels real rabie all of a sudden. Post-apocalyptic. Something happens to the men. They're just like, I need a woman. Like they all just start pacing like gorillas. The eyes widen. It looks like they can only see by heat. They're like what? Predator. I see some dude in a full blackout just walking at me. Like a zombie just pointing at his own dick. Like here. I'm like, I'll get us a cab. I know I make it sound like I'm so slutty up here. But I've only been with four people. That was a weird night. That's my business. It doesn't matter what you do, ladies. Everybody's going to leave you for an Asian woman. And you know that. That's right. I'm saying it in San Francisco. In the hotbed. In the hotbed. I get it. I can't compete with an Asian chick. I can't. They're better. I've been thinking about this. I did the math. I know that's their thing. But I did it. I've been thinking about it. I can't win. How can I compete with an Asian chick? They're smarter. They have naturally silky hair. This Jew denial took me like 40 minutes. They laugh like this because they know men hate when women speak. They're better. They're just better. And how do they bring it on home for the win? Oh, the smallest vagina's in the game. I can't compete with that. What do I have? What am I? I've got a BA in theater and HPV. No one's buying my stock. I am plummeting. I'm going to black, guys. That's what I'm trying to do. That's what I'm doing. Yeah. I can't believe I've never done it. I'm built for it. It seems weird. I haven't. Gotta go for the black guy. Have you ever? Black guy. Yeah. She's like, uh, yeah. She's like, yeah, look at my shirt. Look at my shirt. You know I fag black guys. How cute are you? You're so cute. You're hot. I'm not gay. I've caught a finger, but you get what I'm saying. Black guys are the future. Some chicks are scared. You know what they say. Once you go black, your parents don't talk to you anymore. Something like that. I don't know. Something like that effect. But no, this dude comes up to me. This black guy. And he was into it because it's come on. And he walks over and he's like, I'm Derek. And I was like, Derek. He was like, Derek. And he had on like a nice shirt. And he had like a job. And I was like, no. I want a brother. If I'm going to do it, I want to really do it. You know, not Derek. I want him to like not even have a name. Just like nicknames. Everyone's like, pooky. He's like, what's up? No job. We need like a ton of lube, but just like for his elbows. You know what I'm talking about? Oh, that was insanely racist. You're right. You're right. I love joking about race. It's like my favorite. I was talking about this the other day. I was hanging out literally all my black friend. And... And I remember I was like, to Mende, or whatever. To tap a street. It's something wild. You know. It's something crazy. I mean, that's why they need Google in the delivery room, I think. Right? It's everywhere else. Why not there? Right? So when her mom was like, I'm going to name you to Mimbo. Google would show up and say, did you mean Jennifer? Yeah. To Mende. So I'm hanging out with tapioca and... ...tempoir or something. And what was she saying? She was like, girl, like I won't do some racist impression. So don't worry. But she was like, girl. I mean, we were like mid-double Dutch. And I'm just like, stop yelling. We're not at the movies. Thank you. Thank you. I'm glad you guys laughed at that. That does not always work. I'll be honest with you. I mean, nothing works 100% of the time. Right? Except Mexicans. I've noticed. That's the one. Boo. Right? The Mexicans. I hear you guys are... ...reaching to the choir. So, I'll ask you guys, what do you guys think? Four against every night? Okay. I've dealt with two kinds of guys when it comes to my personal asshole. There's a kind of guy that never acknowledges it. Right? Like the whole time we're together, just never. Which is awesome because who needs the extra maintenance? Can I get a what, what, ladies? Thanks, sister friends. That guy's awesome, right? You know what you're getting with that guy. And then there's the other kind of guy who goes for it immediately. Like you're not even fully kissing yet. He's trying to grab you like a bowling ball. He's just like, no! He's like, you said you like Jeff Dunham. You're like, no! Oh! You can't trust those guys. All right? So I was dating the first kind of guy. No ass play. Like the sex was very vanilla. There was no funny business. No dirty talk. If I sent him a naughty photo, he would just write back, thanks. Like I sent him a fax. He needed. I think I had forwarded him an e-vite. So we were together for like years. And one night out of nowhere, we're at dinner. And he's like, I'd like to talk about something. I'd like to talk about ass play. And I'm like, is that a Broadway show? That show sounds awesome. Let's go see that show. And he's like, no, ass play. And as I'm asking him questions, I realize he hasn't thought it through at all. I was just like, do you mean on you or me? And he was like, oh, I was like, oh Jesus, no! This is not a brainstorm sash here. Your PowerPoint buddy. So that night I was like, I'm going to call him on his bluff. I don't usually joke around in the bedroom, but I was like, fuck this guy. So, like this jv player is going to get it from me. So we're like making out. And I'm just like, where's all the ass play? And like a frightened child. He goes, tonight? And I'm like, uh-huh. And he can't think of what he goes, well, did you shower? Said I'm not going to answer that because I'm not a homeless woman. I'm just some schizophrenic with a cart like, wash me! So we can't think of any other way to stall. So this is what he does. Okay, this is my asshole. This is his finger. He goes like this. And he holds it there. Like he was checking it for a pulse. Like he felt a groundhog might pop out and he'd have to whack him all it. And then I fist him like you look in the brain. He's dead. Oh, God, you guys are awesome. I seriously, sometimes that goes so awkward during a set. I just want to like tap out. I've had this image. Not like a wrestling tap out, but just sort of soft chew out of the room. In an awkward situation, like, why can't we do that? I was working at this club and I walked in the first night and I realized that this club there was a bathroom attendant. Have you ever been like, oh, dope, a bathroom attendant works here? No, you're like, oh, it's awkward. They hate you. You're just like, oh, please. Like, it's unnecessary. Are you ever peeing like, how am I going to leave here without a starburst? I don't like going without somebody listening. No. I go in the bathroom the first night and the bathroom attendant stops me at the door. And she's like, oh, they're all full right now. So you're going to have to wait a minute. And I'm like, yeah, yeah, I know how bathrooms work. Like if she hadn't said that, I was just going to go rogue and start pounding on all the stalls up and down with a shiv. No. Peeing in the sink, I do what I want. Bathroom attendant. So unnecessary. So the last night I'm at this club, I go in the bathroom. She's like facing the wall. So I'm like, oh, good. I go right in the stall. And I'm not going to say anything gross. But I'm in there just dropping a ton of heat. Just massacring this bowl. Cheers. I'm texting people like, am I dying? Too loud in my family. I just wrote goodbye. That is about true. I went in the bathroom, peed like a normal person, wife, like a human being. I come out. And I walk over and she's facing the wall. And I'm like, I hear the cheese crying. So I'm like, excuse me. I'm about to wash my hands. So you better get fucking ready. No, she's crying. No, I was like, what's wrong? Is it your choices? No, I asked her what was wrong. And she told me she was like my dog died. So I was like, I'm so sorry. I'm going to go get us some shots. We're going to get weird in here tonight. You and me. And she goes, it just really doesn't feel like six years ago. What do you say? I just looked right at her and just... But I've been really lucky. Like my whole life, I found friends just like me. Like at a young age, I found girls that were just like me. All horse. Just little drunks running around. But in every group of girlfriends, there's always one that's the sluddiest. And it wasn't me and my group of friends, Shocker, was my nickname. But no, in my group of friends... The sluddiest of us was this girl, Katie. And we didn't judge her for that. Like as soon as she would have a boyfriend, she'd start acting like mother Teresa. You know, she'd like walk different. She'd talk differently. Like I remember one time she walked over with her new boyfriend. She was like, Adam and I are thrilled you could join us for brunch. I was like, I've helped you get come out of your hair. Remember, we tried using peanut butter because we're stupid. So she moved to Connecticut and was getting married. And she had a wedding shower there. And I was the only friend from home that could go. So I met all of her new fancy Connecticut friends. And like you know women like this. Like these girls, they were all like very steppered wife. You know, they all wore like pastel, cashmere cardigans and pearls and burberry, like tampons. And they all spoke like this, like almost in a whisper. Like they all were, everybody just walked around whispering to each other. Like oh, I guess we were just born with different vocal cords. Because I was raised better. Do you ski? So I met this party and I'm like, mainlining Shardonnay. Trying to remember fun. Just like why? So one of the girls was like, let's play a game. And I'm like, suicide pack to all go first. This party's the worst. And she goes, no, let's all go around and admit something. And I'm like, oh no. So these girls are going around. The shit their admitting is so boring. I can't, like one girl was like, once I forgot to let the dog out all day. And they were like, no. I'm like, is this happening right now? So the girl who goes right before me, Bridget, the worst human I've ever met. I hope she sees this. That's how bad of a person she is. Like, Bridget, I hope you're watching this. But she wouldn't be up this late. She spoke the softest. You had to lean in and squint and read her lips. Because she just, Bridget talked like an angel was sleeping on her tongue. So anyway, she's like, all right, you guys, it's my turn. Bring it in. And we're like, we're in because we have to be. Because you talk like, faithful. Use your diaphragm bridge. So she's like, I'll admit this. Sometimes after Richard falls asleep, I get up and eat ice cream. I just wanted to find one other pair of eyes being like, what a dumb cunt. Right? But nothing. No one, they're all looking at her like, Bridget, you should be asleep. Bridget, tonight, carbs come up. So that's my turn. And I don't look at my friend Katie. I just feel her just glaring at me. Just like, don't be yourself right now, bitch. This is my new life. And so I'm like, okay, first of all, Bridget, thank you for being so brave. I'll admit this. It's kind of like your ice cream thing. One time, I let a cab driver finger me. And Katie's like, that's not how you play Amy. I'm like, really? Because I feel like I won. Thank you. You guys, you're an amazing crowd. Thank you so much. Oh, God, dad died. I guess like today. I'm going to talk about it on stage. Yeah, yeah. You should open with it.
The only thing I like about cops is the married glasses. This way I could comb my hair so I ran out the ticket, so I wouldn't have that bad. LAUGHTER Ah. I don't see too many faggers, I'm fully, you know? Out in LA, Manhattan, you got them all over the place. Brooklyn, we don't have any gay people. They're all dead. LAUGHTER Well, we got as a big sign. It says, welcome to Brooklyn, fourth largest city in America, with this dead fake hanging off the pole. LAUGHTER They're not from this planet, let's face it. I don't see how any man could look at another guy's hairie-ish and want to bang it, you know? I see a guy with a hairy-ish, I want to give it a wash and blow, right? That's the extent. They're not from this planet, they're from Faggotron, come on. And I always on parade, they march up and down the street with t-shirts and flags. I want money for AIDS disease, beautiful. I want money for new fucking car. I ain't marching up and down the street. Get a job, butt slamer. LAUGHTER CHEERING CHEERING And something else you like running into her she-highway, you know? And they're too sensitive, they don't know if they want to be called gays or masexuals fairies. I call them cocksuckers, I think it spells it out. They walk with that limp wrist, they're wrist on it, limp their busted from being on their hands and knees all night. LAUGHTER And you got all kinds, you got these transvesticals you ever see them? That's a nice Sunday surprise. Meet the girl you dreams, you whiny, you dine, you take on, you put your hand up a skirt, y'all, then it treats wrong. What's this, a gift, honey? Bicecuals are my favorite. Thank you, darn it, they must get up in the morning and flip a coin. Yeah, heads I want here by tails, balls across the nose, I mean, I kind of menu as this. I think the biggest joke, I was watching, I was watching the show, 2020, you ever see that joke, 2020? You know what I'm talking about? I'm watching it about a month ago, you know what the big issue was that up in San Francisco, the cockjockey capital, the California, they just passed the bill that smoking is not allowed in the street anymore, it offends people. You can actually be putting jail for it. But it's OK if you want to butt slam your buddy while you're waiting for the bus. Yeah, smack him in the face with your dick five six times. That doesn't offend anybody, right? Yeah, just don't get caught smoking a cigarette doing it. Yeah, you can smoke the baloney pony, but not a windstamp. And then you know what cracks me up all together. When AIDS finally breaks out all over the country, like mildew. You got 20 million packets running around and they're going, where can this come from? How can I get this? How can you get this? It's very simple. Let me explain this. If you're walking around with shit on your dick every day, you're bound to pick something up. You know what I'm saying? This ain't a 24 hour virus. It ain't a migraine headache. Maybe this is God's way of saying a fellas. Like up and smell the toast, OK? I think the best part of being gay is when you're done. You could turn over and talk about football.
And sometime we'll show you the joy, love of Classifications, and all that accident happens We can't just come into freinds anymore and then cut it. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you. Oh! Thank you very much, Minneapolis. I am going to say some things tonight that by the end of the show are probably going to offend everybody here. Woo! Woo! I want you to remember that. If you find yourself starting to get tense, so I want you to just keep two things in mind to make the pills easier to swallow. The first thing is, really, at the end of the day, who the fuck am I? I'm just some random dickhead who admittedly doesn't have all the answers. Trying to figure things out as I go. I'm a curious person, I try to evolve, so my opinions change over time. So there's a good chance that a couple months from now, or maybe even a couple hours from now. I'm not going to like some of the things I say tonight. And the second arguably more important thing to keep in mind is, who the fuck are you? No matter who you think you might be, I assure you you're also just some random dickhead. Who doesn't have all the answers, trying to figure shit out as you go. And I think if we could all keep that in mind more often, we could be less triggered as society and calm the fuck down and deal with each other with a little more humility and grace. We're all just trying to figure things out. Or maybe it's too late for that. But the best way to make society a little more tolerable for those of us who remain will be to give every American a one-question quiz. Do you actually believe that a secret, satanic cabal, is controlling society from the shadows? And anybody who answers, yes, you know, we kill him. You sacrifice him to Satan and we start over. I'm just bit bummed, I don't know. Weird times are living in very conspiratorial times. I never thought I would get this bad. This is how off I was. When I recorded my last special, I had a couple conspiracy bits on there, making fun of flat-earthers and people who were worried about the lizard illuminati. And I remember being worried that if we didn't hurry up and edit that special quickly and release it fast by the time it came out, conspiracy jokes would no longer be culturally relevant. And then Q and I was like, get the fuck out of here! Hold on to your apocalypse horses. We're just getting warmed up, my friend. Didn't you hear the new one? Jesus just sent in Trump to save us from the devil. Jesus did that? Did grabbing by the pussy guy? That's who Jesus is. To have gone to the shoulder was like, get in there Donnie and fuck up those liberals. You can only hope. Interesting twist. My favorite conspiracy is from the last couple of years, are the ones that revolve around Bill Gates. A lot of Bill Gates concerned. A lot of people worried. Like after the COVID vaccine came out, there was a contingent of people online who were like, do not take that fake vaccine. Bill Gates made that. One of my first thoughts was, that's impressive for a computer program. Like I always knew he was smart, but got down. And interesting move for him to take his hands off the wheel of running a multi-billion dollar international conglomerate for a couple of days or whatever to head down to his laboratory and tinker with his evil beakers. Cook up some poison. They're like, yeah, don't take this vaccine. It's not real. It's poison. It's part of an agenda 21 depopulation program designed to kill millions of people. When I first heard that, I immediately thought this can't be real. Because that is simply too good to be true. That's a dream. I would love to put Bill Gates in charge with mass extermination event. He's a smart guy. I feel like he's getting rid of the right people. I think we should encourage him online to start a hashtag movement. Just let Bill kill. Release the Kraken. I just think of bills in charge. We're not going to be losing anybody important. We're not going to be losing business leaders and professors and doctors. We're going to be losing people who live in that sweet spot where Holocaust denial meets meth. We don't need those people. Robots are about to take their jobs. I think we should have a new Holocaust. Hear me out. A different one. A fun one. We're only going to kill Holocaust deniers. When they're all dead, we're going to act like it never happened. Hey. Finally, a Holocaust. We'll go about. There are a lot of conspiracies. A lot of conspiracies around the vaccine. I don't believe all of them. I make fun of a lot of conspiracies. I love some of the vaccine related ones. I don't think they should be mandated. There's a reason to be skeptical. Some people think that's crazy. Seriously? You don't think we can blindly and implicitly trust Big Pharma? What would they stand to gain from lying to us? I don't know hundreds of billions of dollars of corporate profits? When have they ever done something like, I don't know, collude with the FDA and intentionally manipulate data to do the exact thing you're talking about? I don't know. The opioid crisis. Shut the fuck up, conspiracy freak. That was a couple days ago. They're different now. We can trust them. I don't think we should trust them. There's a reason to be skeptical. That being said, most of the people I know who have chosen not to get the vaccine while there are good reasons not to do so, they have not employed those reasons. They've tended to fall in one of two camps. My observance. There's the live for your die. Don't try to make camp. Or the, I've never cared about my health before, a day in my life. But now, I'm a nutritionist camp. The live for your die argument is pretty simple. It's just, I don't want the government telling me how to live my life. And I appreciate the sentiment. But I do want the government kind of telling us how to live our lives. To some degree, because if they don't tell us how to live our lives at all, that's anarchy. An anarchy is for fucking psychopaths. Might sound fun as a fantasy, not in real life. Anarchy would only kind of work for young, fit dudes with no kids to worry about. Living in an easily defendable compound, who are very proficient with weapons, have a large supply of ammunition, ton of dry goods, tons of access to clean water. And even those guys after a few weeks are going to be like, this is fucking crazy! We should have police or hospitals or something. I just saw a bunch of guys I used to play softball with, and now there's some kind of, they're in a barbecue rape gang. I don't even know what that is. But that's what their flag set. It'd be real dystopian, real quick. Now we gotta have some rules. Rules is how you have a society. It's how you have civilization and nice things. It's the social contract. The bad part of the social contract is that we too often have to follow the illogical and manipulative laws passed by self-centered, ego-miniacal, just dipshit to care more about election cycle optics than to do about the average person. And that sucks because those people are cunts. That's not the fun part of the social contract. The fun part is to no longer have to live in caves and shit on rocks, and hunt deer with sharp sticks, and always worry about a larger biped coming over and taking our food and fucking our partner and or us. And I think the pros outweigh the cons overall. And whether or not you've taken a vaccine, I don't know how more or less free it makes you. You know, whether you took it or not, you're still a follower. Everybody in this room is a follower. If you weren't, you would have died long time ago, probably in a car wreck. You can suck my dickstop sign. I stop when I want. No one bosses me. Just blowing through intersections all willy-nilly, like some misguided William Wallace. The lights always green when you're fused to kneel. Freedom! Nah, that's crazy talk. The nutrition argument is my favorite one though. I'm not going to put something in my body, but I don't understand. When I've heard some version of that, I just think, I think I have a gas station hot dogs if you have. It's like, shut the fuck up. There's nothing more American than putting shit in your body you don't understand. We're a nation of consumerism and processed food. That's what we do. You know how much fruits and fruit loops? Not a drop. Put down the hatchet goes because cancer never takes it so good. I love to put things in my body. I don't fully understand. What is that? Probably Molly? You look trustworthy. My body's a temple and your god is Ronald McDonald. I never cared about your health. I hate now that jokes like those get politicized oftentimes. I buy certain segments of society, very lazy binary thinkers. You have an opinion on one subject that might read political and they think they know you. They want to put you all the way in the left or all the way in the right. There's no other option and just fill in the blanks and what you may believe elsewhere. I just, oh, okay. So you think there's some validity to science, huh? Looks like you want us to follow some laws. All right, boot liquor. I bet you want to take our guns too. Don't you? You call me piece of shit. What are you talking about? I didn't say any of that. Actually, I'm a gun owner. I like to go do a little target practice. If I'm going to be honest, sometimes I do like to pretend that the targets are people I don't care for like yourself. Relaxes me. Oh, so that's you are going to have your pew-pews feel like a big man. Home of phobic right wing nut job. Home of what? Because I like guns. I don't like the gaze that's insane. Now, I'm very pro LGBTQIA+. I think, you know, people should be able to love. Whoever they want to love. But don't fuck kids. Love adults. Whoever they want to love. That's all good. Oh, so that's you are. Liber legend. And no rules for anyone. You and Tifa motherfucker. What? No, I like some rules. I'm pro law enforcement, pro military. Yeah. What the fuck are you? You're not playing the game right. You have to be Fox or CNN. That's it. Now, you can hate both those options and I do. I just not a big fan of the Republicans or the Democrats right now. Fun will be completely honest. I don't feel like either side represents me. I feel like a lot of people think that. For me, you know, like with the left, there's just too much concern about the most easily outraged members of society. Right? You can take anything too far including empathy. I don't want to, you know, just marginalize anybody. I also don't want to walk on egg shells in this weird tense, puckered up society where everyone's worried about saying the wrong thing. Because that's a great way to suck the fucking joy out of life for everyone. And on the right, there's just too much religious thinking for me. Don't like religion and politics. Never will. For one very simple reason. Right? For me, the reason is no one can ever agree on what SkyDaddy wants. It's just all over the place. That's the problem. Like just with Christianity, there's over 45,000 different denominations of just this one religion in the world today. Over 45,000 different groups of people who think another 45,000 plus different groups of people, reading the same book, worshiping the same God, are fricking it up a little bit. And that doesn't include the rogue outliers, just random dudes in their cabins around the world who think they're the only one who gets it. I'm so sorry, no one else understands your glory, Lord. I wish more people could get it, like my landlord, my ex-wife, if they could cut me some fucking slack. I don't have a job because I'm focusing on your glory. Basin laws on religious thinking, like you might as well just base laws on which rooster wins in a cock fight. It's absurd. And if you don't like that because maybe you are a religious person, you don't think that's fair. Well, would you like it if we had a politician who was not necessarily religious but spiritual, who channeled the spirit world to make major decisions? Because for me, it's the same kind of thing. I don't think many people would be comfortable with that. Some politician coming out and be like, all right, everybody, we're going to war with Russia. I know it's a big decision. And at first I was against it. But last night, I held a science. And I was able to channel the spirits of George Washington and Julius Caesar and some guy named Todd. Julius and George and Todd told me to push that fucking button, so here we are. And I know some people will be offended by that comparison. They're like, you just presented an extreme example. And most people who are religious are moderate in their beliefs. That doesn't make me feel better. Like moderate versus extreme in that spectrum. To me, that's like saying, like, hey man, I don't appreciate you questioning my decision-making abilities. I don't make all my decisions while I'm high on fucking crack. I smoke crack on Easter and Christmas. And the rest of the year, I just kind of think about hitting that pipe. I do understand that anyone who didn't care for my first analogy did like that a second. Except that. And the left, just worrying about the most fragile members of society. I'm all for empathy. I'm all for compassion. I just don't want to be overly sensitive when it comes to language selfishly, because then I can't do this fucking job anymore. Every joke I tell has a victim. I mean, that seemed like it, but they're all offensive. If you break them down, even the ones that don't seem offensive. I'll prove it by trying to tell the same bit twice. I'll tell it the first way, just as I normally would, not worrying about someone's going to be upset or not. And then I'll try to tell the same story again, but making sure that no one could be triggered or bothered by any of the language I use. And we'll see which kind of comedy you prefer. Which makes me a little nervous here. You fucking soft Minneapolis motherfuckers. We'll try it anyway. Way number one, right? A lot of times when I'm standing in a line, I find myself getting very frustrated, because I feel like the other people in the line are fucking it up to some degree. They don't have the distance right between themselves and the next person in line. That's how you do a line correctly. About three feet keeps it nice and tight. Not to lose, not to crowd it. You get more than three feet. Now you're causing a lot of unnecessary stress and confusion for everyone behind you. They're not sure they're in line anymore. They're falling into different states of existential crisis. What is a line if there's no rules? What is life with no one respects lines? Who am I? I should take my clothes off. Shit on the counter. We should fucking burn this place. Nothing matters. Anything less than three feet now the person directly in front of you is overly concerned with being murdered. And that's not fair. Maybe you want to stand three feet apart, but you're not spatially inclined. All right, well I've come up with a training regiment for you to help you get it. Every time you go in public until it becomes second nature, just carry around a heavy old school wooden yardstick. It's a nice visual representation of three feet. It's about like this mic stand if I push it down to the middle. It's about like here. I'm just walking around with it. This is weird, but it's not illegal. And it's an excellent confidence booster. I feel way more confident now than I felt ten seconds ago. Less worried about these people in the front. And then when you get to the back of the line that you want to be a part of, I want you to stop and assess the situation. Put one end of that stick against your waist. And then just march forward, slowing, skipping. Until you tap that last person in the back and that's when you stop. And they're going to have questions and concerns. What the hell is wrong with you? Just stand your ground, don't let them bully you. Just calmly explain yourself. I'm trying to get better. And if they still hassle you at that point when you have to beat him with that stick, you don't let them impede your personal growth. But three feet, not inches. That's very important. Don't pull a spinal tap. Don't be that close to the ass of the person in front of you. Don't be so close to just a casual hip stretch. You're just trying to open up your root chakra. Now you're rubbing your mayor of fun town up against their not-now button. Don't be ringing their not yet, Bell. Not yet, go round to the front. See if you're welcome to the living room and spend some time there. Get to know the family, find out what they like. Come back in 45 minutes, find out if that back door escaped open enough, Bell. That last part was confusing. Don't even worry about it. You're not ready for that joke. Your loophole is pure. I didn't think that was too offensive, right? No one died. But every part of that bit was offensive. And frankly, I'm ashamed of you for laughing at it. I'll try it again in the second way where I'm not going to possibly bother anybody with my language. A lot of times when I'm standing in line, I get really frustrated. Because I feel like the other people in line are fucking it up to various... Who, apologize for the profanity? I do know that a lot of our vulgar vernacular has a very kind of misogynistic history and bringing it up is very traumatic for a lot of people. I apologize. I should have said freaking. No, I shouldn't have. Replacement words are actually more offensive than the very vulgarity they represent by forcing you to complete that traumatic circuit in your head. And I apologize for putting that on you. I was going to talk about space and line, but really, who died and made me the king of lines? No one. If I have a problem with the amount of space other people need in line, then I need to see therapy for my anger issues. Maybe some people need more than three feet because they have social anxiety, which is very real. Maybe some people need less than three feet because they're lonely and crave human contact. And I'm going to push them away. Why do I build such walls around my heart? I'm ashamed to admit it, but I was actually going to advocate for you to carry a large stick around in public in a menacing fashion. How triggering for the victims of stick attacks. No, sir. I mean, no, ma'am. I mean, no them. It's just too complicated to talk that way. I would rather burn you motherfuckers alive than have to do comedy like that. But these two parties we have, and we essentially do have a two party system. How did we get stuck with these two ideological dumpster fires? And I hate that the two party system seems to have created a sports rivalry, mindless tribalism vibe in American politics. Which is great for sports. Mindless tribalism is built for a sports rivalry. That's what we're supposed to get that out of our system. Be part of a team, cheer, boo, have all that emotion. Do it in a place where the stakes don't matter. That's the beauty of sports. Right? It doesn't actually matter who wins or loses. Right? The results are actually pretty trivial. Right? It's easy. You don't have to think much about it because it doesn't matter. You just go, you root for this jersey, you boo for that jersey, you high five this tip shit, you drink this beer, you have a great fucking time. Go fight win. Right? Because it's not like if your team loses, your property taxes go up. There's nothing real right in on it. You're not like, come on, one more touchdown on my brother Gary. He can marry his boyfriend. Let's fucking go. This means everything. Oh, it doesn't mean anything. But in politics, like the stakes are actually important, but people treat it like a sports rivalry. You know, I feel like a lot of the people doing the loudest yelling, especially online. They don't even understand their own party's platform. It's not about logic for them. It's about being part of a team. They just want to cheer and boo. Induce them, Yelly. Why do I root for team Democrat? Well, because they're tolerance. And I am very tolerant. No one has ever been as tolerant as we are. We have the most tolerant team of all time. We tolerate literally everything. Except anyone who even slightly disagrees with us on one issue will fucking burn your shit to the ground. If you don't bend the knee to tolerance. Go fight, win. Why do I root for team Republican? Well, for starters, because I don't hate America. Lib Tard, listen to fuck up. I love this team, because this team loves everything I do. Aggressive bumper stickers. Kid Rock. Flags on the back of my truck. Feels like I'm in a parade. Very emotional. And I feel like this supposed culture war we're having with these two teams is largely media manufactured. Right? It serves politicians and mass media to have these simple narratives and put us into two voting and marketing camps. Doesn't do much good for families and neighbors and friends. But it's great for, you know, those kind of systems. And I just don't buy it. I just don't think that there really is a culture war because if there was these two teams, then most of the people you meet should be on one of these two teams. But I don't find that to be the case. I find most of this to be somewhere in the middle. We all of our card art beliefs, take a little from here, take a little from there, build our own individual identity. And you don't hear enough about that on the news because it's not a sexy, simple narrative. But I know people who identify as Democrat, who are also gun owners and pro law enforcement. I pro law enforcement, but you never hear about that on that side. Maybe there's people who have thought about how they might feel a little hypocritical. If they were adamantly against both those two things, and then somebody broke into their house, and they were unarmed and scared. And they had to call the people they supposedly hate, and really hope they bring the weapons they also supposedly hate. Because who else is going to call in that situation? They're vegan pacifist friends to come over and verbally deescalate shit. Don't kid yourself. Everyone wants to show for us sometimes. I also know people who identify as conservative, Republican, who are pro choice. You don't hear about that a lot. Maybe there are just people who used to be pro-life, but then one night they had to change their heart. One night they forgot to pull out like everybody else and shit got real. And they got harder to stand on that moral high ground. And they were just like, oh my heck, I'm in quite a pickle now. How did I get here? I do love Jesus, but if I'm going to be honest with myself for a few seconds, I did love that pussy a little bit more. I just felt so good, I didn't want to leave. Now what do I do? On the one hand, yes, Jesus does love all the little children this I know. But on the other, he also forgives, so maybe fuck this one. Another brings a comedy crowd together like abortion. Another puts the F in fun like fetus, right? Speaking of abortion, what kind of handmaid's tail shit is going on in this country? Glory be to Gilead. Blessed be the fruits. Starting Texas, this old wave of legislation. When they decided, these guys down there decided that there be no abortion after six weeks, even in cases of rape and incest. And no matter which side of the argument you stand on, doesn't that feel a little unfair that it is always dudes, deciding to regulate women's reproductive rights every single time without exception? And it never even feels like the right kind of dudes. Like a lot of times when I see a politician who is staunchly pro-life, one of the vibes he kind of gives me, one of the thoughts I have is, he doesn't eat pussy. Because it scares him. He's skittish about it. Fills him with all these shameful dirty thoughts and he wants to punish and regulate that pussy. Crazy thing to me about the Texas situation is the guy who signed the Bill into law, Governor Abbott. I don't know how much you know about him, but he's been paralyzed from the waist down for over 30 years. Is that absurdity or irony? The guy who signed the most controversial sexual consequence Bill into law in decades can't stand up and fuck. Feels like a dick move, a limp dick move, technically. It just feels unfair because he's never going to have to deal with the consequences, never going to blow back on him. I feel like the moral equivalent would be if I was Governor, and I signed the Bill into law, raising the angle of the handicap ramp from about five degrees to around 60. And then if anybody gets upset, I can just be like, I'm gonna fuck like a walk. Not my fault, you want more careful in that trampoline? I know that one gets sad the longer you think about it. Do you know how he got paralyzed? He was jogging. He was out jogging randomly, so over 30 years go down in Texas, and he was running under a large oak tree, and it randomly just split in half, and half of it fell on him. True story. Even God hates this motherfucker. I mean, that's a sign. That's a sign. I know for a lot of people, it doesn't matter what jokes they make about this, because it's not a joking issue. It's a matter of life. Right, and six weeks was chosen because that's when a fetus begins to develop a brain. And that's true, and that's a powerful emotional argument. But it's not a complete argument. Yes, fetus does have a brain at six weeks. But not a good one. It has a little bug brain. No more capable of advanced intellectual decision making than say the trillions of sperm cells lost in buttholes every year, but no one talks about that. That is tragic. What a dirty trick. Shot into a dark tunnel to complete their one life mission. And find that sweet, sweet egg. But see nothing but shit, literally. Spending their final confused moments in lube and numbing cream. I can't feel my tail, John, I'm scared. That's how you lighten up a heavy topic, butthole jokes. It's old cat skills trick. Penny Youngman taught me that one. Huge butthole guy. I know this is a very emotional topic for many. I feel like it becomes overly emotional for some because the pro-choice side of the argument is chronically misrepresented. It gets presented as a pro-obortion argument, which is very different. You can be morally opposed to abortion and be pro-choice. You just want to enforce your morality on the body or circumstance of a stranger. It's a pro-freedom argument. Let people choose for themselves. Pro-obortion highly unlikely, you're ever going to meet somebody who's legitimately pro-abortion. That's a serial killer. With an especially dark target demographic. Imagine how horrific that would look in real life. That would be like, there's some lady that you've known for a while, and you know that she never wanted kids, like, adamantly against kids. You haven't seen it a little while. She goes back in your life very visibly pregnant. And you're just curious. You're like, oh, hey, Susan, I... Congrats, I guess. I didn't think you ever wanted to have children. And then she just says something cartoonishly evil. I don't. Mama just gets so hungry. Then you notice a row of tiny skeletons on her necklace. Just... Mama's trophies. Yeah, that was dark, even for me. I know. Also not real. That's some 1950s propaganda poster shit. Last thing I'll say about this is I do think most people on the pro-life side of the argument have their heart and the right place. They're fighting for life, hard to find something more noble than that. I just think it tends to come from a religious place, which again is not supposed to enter the political arena in this world. But everybody at right? But everybody I know who is staunchly pro-life, right? Their belief system boils down to some version of, because God said, thou shalt not kill. Like, yes, the Christian God did say that. But also said, so much other shit that no one ever pays attention to. And that's what's frustrating. Because I'm a student of the Bible, and God said that in the old Wizard D. and D. section. Which was supposed to have been replaced by the Newer section in particular to the Gospels. Messages in there that everyone ignores. Like in the book of Matthew, one of the messages chronically ignored it says, if you're hand-lead you into sin, you're supposed to cut it off and cast it out. I see a lot of fucking hands here tonight. I bet a lot of those fingers have typed out porn hub with the equivalent more than once. How serious are we about these rules? And then people say, well, that part's interpretive. That's not literal. That's interpretive. No, should all be literal or all be interpretive. So people can stop bending, you know, little parts to their kind of wills and agenda. So maybe if the new stuff is interpretive, well, maybe the old stuff is too. Maybe the tone of the commandments got lost on the righty. Maybe they weren't so authoritative. Maybe they were actually delivered, you know, more whimsically. Something like, thou shalt not kill fucking Will and Nilly? Well, yeah, sometimes a motherfucker has to die. Serial killers pedophiles left their bodies, hit their floor. Left their pockets, hit their floor. Last book of drowning pool. You know, when I was putting together new hour material, I thought that that last piece would be the most offensive. Now it's wrong. This next piece is. Which was confusing to me at first because I understand what that last segment of material is polarizing. But this next section, I was like, what's wrong with it? But then I remembered how emotional and illogical people can be with animals. You start talking about killing cute innocent forest creatures and people get uptight. So I don't hear many comics do bits about hunting because it makes people too sad. But it shouldn't. Hunting is a kindness, really is. Everyone should be in favor of ethical hunting. I don't care if you're a vegan animal rights activist. You should cheer when a deer takes a bullet to the head. You really should. If you don't, you're thinking with your heart and not your brain. You're not thinking about what happens when the bullet misses. I'll tell you what doesn't happen. That deer doesn't scamper further into the forest to have a dizzy jamboree with his closest pals. Just so, bam, no cesarees, no simple bell, no cesarees. Now don't forget about your worry and your strife. Do you have a lot to be strifeed about? Hunting is a nice thing to do to animals. Do you remember that last time you saw a really old deer out in the woods limping around and joining its golden years? Nope, because they don't exist. If a hunter doesn't take a deer out, something worse will. A more aggressive predator or starvation or disease. I've seen hunters do a lot of things. I've never seen them do something as cruel as what happens in so much of the rest of nature. I've never seen a hunter shoot a deer in the lake. Instead of taking a second to fire a second quick kill shot to put the deer out of its misery, instead just set that rifle down. Smile, here we fucking go, deer. Just decide to toy with it for a while. Just chase it down as the deer limps away in terror. Maybe grab it by the antlers, punch it in the head to stun it. Take a bite out of its neck. But then not kill it so it can enjoy warm blood a couple hours later. Hunters don't do that, but bears do. People don't get mad at bears. They're like, yeah, they're part of nature. So are we, and we're way better than bears. I used to try and tell a story about one of my first hunting trips early on when I was doing stand-up. And I stopped, because I made people too sad. But now I've been doing this for a long time and I don't fucking carry more. You should enjoy this story. It's a happy story. If you find yourself start to get sad at any point. Just remember it has a happy ending. The deer was delicious. I was 12 years old and I was hunting with my grandpa Ward. Papa Ward taught me how to hunt. He's a great dude, good hunter. Yeah, he's a great guy. And he liked to do a kind of hunting that a lot of other hunters do frown upon. It's illegal in a lot of everywhere. It's illegal everywhere. He called it truck hunting. It's a really nice way to hunt. It's very comfortable. You just drive along the road and you try to find a deer on the same road that you're on. And ideally, you just kind of shoot it on the road, throw it in the back of the truck and keep it moving. There's no hiking, no weather, no tree stand bullshit. Your climate control, comfy seat. You got the radio. There's a small chance you'll shoot another motorist, but hey, life's risky. And we're looking for white tail bucks on this old logging road in Central Idaho. And we're not seeing anything. It's almost lunchtime we're about to give up. They're probably better down for the day. But then right before we call it, it was beautiful. This majestic white tail buck comes from the brush underneath road about 70 yards down the road. It just comes up from the brush, stops in the middle of the road and looks at us and stays there. Like it knew what we wanted it to do. And grandpa slowed the truck to a stop. He's like, Danny, get your shot. Get your shot. So I start to get out of the truck and line up my shot. As I'm doing that, oh my god, so much better. A doe now comes from the same brush where the buck came from. Comes up onto the road, stands right behind the buck and stops. They know each other. My husband and wife, they're a mating pair. I know, it was beautiful. I take a second to admire it before I start to get my shot set up again. And then before I pull the trigger, it was so incredible. Twin Fonds. I write, how lucky are we to win this mess? The whole family's there, dad, mom and the kids. They're staring at me, I'm staring to dad through the scope of my rifle. And I felt like we shared a moment of mutual respect. Before I pulled the trigger and it was best case scenario. I shot him right in the eye, literally blew his brains out on his family and they scampered away in tear. Don't focus on that part. Focus on the part where dad died a clean painless death. I felt like if he knew what was happening to him and could have communicated to me before the bullet hit him, he would have said, you're a great kid and you're doing the right thing. Thank you for the kindness. I feel like his kids as they scampered away with his blood on them, if they would have understood what was happening, they would have been like, I'm gonna send him my dad so well. But for some reason this story makes people sad. I even had one lady one time say to me after hearing this story, she said, what that do you ever do to you? Well, I'm glad you're sitting down because there's more to this tale. I used to try and tell that first story on stage, but I never told this next part. I've never talked about this on the podcast. I just haven't been ready. The wound was too fresh, you know, but I've done a lot of therapy and I feel like I can discuss it now. But I used to have an older brother. His name was Richard Bartholomew. I knew him as Dick, Dick Becommans. A very true story. His older brother and growing up I worship Dick. For me the son rose and said on Dick, and that dear we found that day was no accident. We've been tracking that dear. It was revenge killing. Because six months earlier that same dear raped my brother, Dick, to death. Oh, you didn't know they could do that. Wait the fuck up Minneapolis in your liberal bubble with your fake news. The whole report on an epidemic of dear rape deaths. You have it known terror until a horny buck is kicked in your front door. Which can take two to three hours because it's less of a kick and more of a steady whittling. With their little hateful hooves and they whittle and they whittle. And they build the tension and they rip off your pants. Which can take a couple of days because they don't have fingers or thumbs. And it's less of a rip in more of us just a kind of a clumsy slapping really. A lot of people get tired of being slapped and they take their own pants off to get it over with. Which leads to a lot of victim shaming which is not okay. I feel like a lot of you don't believe this story. I get it. It's a lot taken. I bet I know what you're hung up on. I bet you're thinking like, okay, so let me get this right. So this deer gets in your house and Dickie B is naked on the floor. At least from the waist down. But he's laying down. How would a deer with this limited range of motion and flexibility be able to kind of missionary position your brother? Like wouldn't he have to say help out maybe stand up and seductively present himself to be mounted? Yeah, he did do that. It's called Stockholm syndrome. People fall in love with their captors. Doesn't make a less tragic. I still feel like a lot of you people don't believe this story. I get it. I get it. I bet I know what you're hung up on now. I bet you think, okay, even if all of that happened, which is insane. How would it? How would the deer kill your brother? I watch a lot of nature documentaries and I have the exact size of a deer penis memorized. And I know for a fact they cannot kill a human grown male through sodomy. Okay, he didn't die literally. He died figuratively when he left our family to start a new life in the woods with his deer lever, which was tough for me to emotionally process. R.I.P. Dickie B. M.S. your brother. I know that was a lot. I want you to know that I know that was a lot. I know that joke's not for everyone. I run a lot of these stories by my wife, Lindsay, before I tell them on stage. And I told that story to Lindsay before I ever told a to an audience. And I believe her exact feedback was, that's fucking dumb. Tough but fair, okay? Maybe that's not the funniest story you've ever heard, but I don't just grade new comedic top. I have two topics on just humor. I have two categories. How funny is it? And how original is it? And maybe that's not the funniest story. But I dare you to find another comic out there telling a long form story about his fake brother being fake raped by a fake deer to fake death. Passing value for me. I was just trying to talk about hunting and I got sidetracked. I was just trying to talk about it. You do have to be careful though talking about animals. People get so sensitive. Like a lot of people don't like it if you admit that you just don't care about a lot of endangered species. Because they don't. I like some. I like the strong ones. The weak ones are supposed to die. That's what nature is always done. But we just get too sad now. We get too emotional with animals. We become like weird hoarders. Don't touch that sloth. I might want to look at it in 30 years. No, fucks lost. Let them die. We're wasting a lot of money on sloths right now. They could go to cancer research or ending homelessness. They wouldn't keep surviving if we didn't keep subsidizing them and propping them up. I don't believe they ever survived on their own in the first place. Have you ever fucking seen a sloth? There's no way that thing's important to the environment. If we let them all die tomorrow, I promise you we're never going to regret it. We're not going to panic 20 years from now. I'm like, oh no! What have we done? Look at these trees. They have way too many leaves on them. If only we still had a creature that could eat a few of the leaves but never that many because it's so slow and pathetic. But now we're just stuck with this lush foliage forever. A lot of people get real worked up about sea turtles. We're going to save these sea turtles. Sea turtles raped my brother to death. My other brother, I do. You step through your brothers. Now I like sea turtles. I do. And they're important. They're important to the environment. They're not just cute. They are important. I do hope we can keep sea turtles around. But here's the thing. I'm going to be honest with you guys. I feel like I'm in a safe space. It's not the most likeable thing to say. That's how I feel my heart. I don't hate sea turtles. I just don't like them as much as plastic straws. I have sensitive teeth. I didn't ask for it. It's my cross-bear. And I like an ice mocha. And if I don't use a straw, the ice... Oh, it will hit my teeth and it is very out cheese. Oh, you betcha. And some people are like, why can't you just use a paper straw? Because those aren't real. Those are practical jokes in straw form. Those are brain aneurysm starter kits. But I hope we can keep sea turtles around. I'm not going to do anything to try, but I hope you guys do. There's actually only one endangered species that I'm truly just rooting for it to finally be just totally dead. Just extinct. That's a northern spotted owl. Fuck them. They've done enough. We don't need them anymore. Right? They've caused enough problems. In the Pacific Northwest, up to 130,000 logging jobs gone, not replaced to save this owl. Right? Little towns like mine destroyed when the sawmill was not rebuilt. By conservationists who want to save this owl who are just thinking with their hearts and not their brains. Because all of that was done, they're still going to die. And everybody where I grew up knew that many years ago. They're like, why are we wasting this money? There are other better owls in the same woods. The look almost identical to this piece of shit. That we don't have to do anything to try and keep them around. Right? The spotted owl, it just outlived its time. Had a good run, now it's over. It just refused to evolve. It's just too pathetic and needy. Like it only wants to nest an old growth Douglas fir pine trees. That's why you can't log around it. It only wants these old trees. The branches have to be broken and the right angles towards the top. And then this little fucking dip shit will be grudgingly nests there. I get to live there. Ugh! And then it wants 20 square miles of hunting territory around this tree where it'll eat one kind of mouse and one kind of squirrel. Unless a competitive predator also wants that mouse and squirrel. And then this thing basically gives up and dies. I'm even wanting now! I don't even think it's strong enough to make a proper whew! I bet it sounds more like a whew! Stop it! Yeah, now this thing is being taken out by nature. Right? Doing what we were unwilling to do. In the funniest extinction event I've ever heard of. Mother Nature has chosen to send another owl into kill this owl. Last couple decades the Eastern Bard owl has started to migrate from the East Coast to the Pacific Northwest. Never did that before. No human intervention. It's like it just heard, finally, through the Al Greyfine. But there was a bunch of easy territory in the Northwest being poorly guarded by a bunch of emo sad boy owls. A bunch of weak anemic owls, depressed, living in trees, you know, troubled relationships with their parents, unrealistic romantic expectations. Still painting their fingernails black and listening to dashboard confessional. Who I do actually like. And these Bard owls, these things are hardy. They are strong. They'll nest anywhere. They'll live in the Charlie Brown Christmas tree. They don't go fuck. They'll eat anything. They're not picky. They could probably live mostly on Skittles Rappers and Mountain Dewcans. And they're powerful. They're hardy. I don't think they make a whew! Either it's more like a Rick Flair like a whew! Whew! These Bard owls are coming off the top rope. And they're not just pushing the spotter out of their territory the last couple years, environmentalists figured out that they're actually literally fucking them into extinction. They just figured out that the male Bard owl can successfully mate with the female spotter owl. And his genes are so much more dominant and expressive that the baby owlets are essentially all Bard ow. These motherfuckers are sky Vikings. And some people get sad about this story. I think it's a great cautionary tale for our species to learn from. If you want to continue to thrive on this planet, we have to work hard, adapt, evolve, or we're going to get fucked on off of it. Whew! Now, feel a Bard ow. Alright, I don't want you guys to think I'm a psychopath when it comes to animals. So, do like... Now, I want to share a nice animal story. Because I also can be an emotional illogical thinker when it comes to certain species. Like dogs. I am definitely a doodles. I'm a weird dog person. For sure. I love Penny Pooper and Ginger Bell so much. And I love them so much. And my wife Lindsey loves them, you know, too. But I've actually become the weirder dog person than her. I never expected that. Going into it. Like, I was more worried about her when we got them. And I tried to discuss some ground rules. I'm like, okay, we're gonna get some dogs. But they're not gonna ever sleep in our bed. That's just for us. We don't need to buy them a ton of toys. They can't count. They don't know how many toys they have. And we're never gonna dress them up because they're dogs, not little people. I don't think I made it five minutes into the first night of trying to create train Penny before I was the one who broke. Like, she just kept whining. And I was begging Lindsey to let her sleep with us. She's dying in there. She's failing to thrive. Now I let Penny and Gigi pick their spots on my side of the bed first. And then I just kind of work around them to sleep. And we have two giant toy bins because I don't think our precious babies should ever have to walk too far to get their favorite play things. And we've invested heavily in dog hoodies because they are adorable. Like having two furry college kids with tails running around your house. And then lately I took my level dogs to a place that not even Lindsey and the kids are comfortable with. It was one night when it was just the dogs and Lindsey and I at home, I'd had quite a bit to drink. And I was holding Penny like a baby. I like to hold my dogs like babies. I don't know if they like it, but I like it. It's hard to read their expressions. I don't know if it's love and adoration or panic and terror. And I was eating a burrito. And I had a really weird thought. I was like, I wonder if I can feed Penny like a mama bird to a baby bird. And that was the reaction that Lindsey had when I said that out loud. She was like, please do not do that. That's so gross. I'll never want to kiss you again. And so I was going to set Penny down. But then I just looked at her precious little face and her little teddy bear eyes looking at me. And I felt like she was trying to communicate with me. Baby bird is hungry mama bird. Baby bird is starving. So I took a big bite of burrito and just kind of half chewed it up and then dangled it up my mouth and let her kind of lick it off my teeth. And I know that's gross, but it was also the most maternal I've ever felt. Lindsey was horrified. And then she told the kids. And they were horrified. So naturally I started to do it in front of them when they were over at the house. Because I wanted to see the reaction in real time. And they hated so much. The only thing they hate more is me talking about it publicly because it's going to get back to their friends. And I don't really want to embarrass them. I've tried to back off on material about the kids last couple years because they're an awkward social age. And I want to, you know, the repercussions of that. But I do want to take the mama bird baby bird thing a little farther. Because Monroe is 14 and she's never dated anyone that were aware of. She's never brought anybody home. But she will eventually. She'll bring somebody home. And I used to think it would be funny to be the stereotypical cleaning the shotgun debt. Kliche, you know, it's pretty played out. And also way funny or to be the baby bird debt. Oh my God. What a great moment that be just some awkward teen, all tense and, you know, nervous to meet Monroe's father and trying to be on their best behavior. And then they come through the door and I'm just waiting for them 10 feet behind the door. Just baby birding penny just. Are you willing to love my daughter? I love my baby bird. She'll be furious for months, but I'll be laughing about that on my deathbed still. I want my defining moments. Right enough to talk about animals. I have some more groundbreaking, very important political thoughts to share. When you're out in a area with a lot of other people like at a big outdoor concert or at the fairgrounds and you're looking around at the rest of humanity, are you comforted or horrified by understanding that they also get to vote? Like do you look around and think like, yeah, this is great. We're in good hands. Or do you look around and think, how is the ship not already sunk? I just think it's crazy that you don't have to know anything about politics or politicians to be able to vote. Like nothing. You should have to pass some kind of test. I think a fair test would be you have to match a photo of the politician you're voting for to their name. That's it. Just photo to name. Like you don't even know what they look like. There's no fucking way you understand anything about them. And I bet a lot of people will get that wrong. Right? You'd be like, no, that's not Biden. That's an autopsy photo of a 117 year old man. That photo was taken six weeks after he died. No, that is not Trump. That is Emperor Palpatine. That's a dark wizard. That is not Hillary Clinton, but you're very close. A lot of people get that wrong. That's a mug shot of actor Gary Busey. I know that's a silly joke. I wrote that in about 30 seconds late one night when I was just looking at pictures of Gary Busey and I was like, holy shit. Uncanny. But I just I do worry about certain people's decision making abilities. Says the guy who wants to baby bird his dogs. Some people decision they're like they're so objectively bad and just over and over. I'm like, I don't know that they should be voting. Like I'll give an example of who I'm talking about. There's a social media influencer Stephanie Motto. You may not recognize her name, but you probably will remember what she became infamous for. She made over $100,000 one year selling jars of her farts. Right? She far into a jar, seal it off and get a guy to pay up to $2,000 to buy that jar of farts. And business was so good there was so much demand she ended up in the ER. Thought she was having a heart attack. Nope, just a lot of gas in her chest, which is what happens when you turn your body into a fart factory. And the doctor tried to get her to retire, which she wouldn't, which she got smarter in the fart game. Started to fart less, but actually sell more fart jars in a way. Now what she would do is she would fart into a jar, seal it off, take a picture of this jar and then sell a limited number of digital photos as NFTs. And now she got guys to pay up to $200 a pop for a picture of a jar they hope has a fart in it. And you know these are jerk off photos. That's what those guys are doing. They're beating off these photos. And they say you're not supposed to kink shame, but what the fuck is wrong with these guys? Who broke them? What series of bad decisions led to you only been able to come to a picture of a jar you hope has a fart in it? I just picture the saddest demographic for these fart jar. Just some dude, he was able to buy it with the birthday card money he got from his grandma. And he's sitting in the room that was supposed to be his mom's cross stitch studio, but he refuses to move out. And the door is locked and he's in a dark room. The only light is the computer monitor. Just a picture of an empty jar. And he's sitting in his gaming chair and he's got his sweatpants pushed down to his ankles. And his Pokemon shirt rolled up to his armpits. And he's got his bruised and battered cock in one hand. A dick that's never known a woman's gentle touch, only the cold callous grip of an angry in cell. And his other hand, he has his phone, he's DMing Stephanie Mato. He's like, you promised there's a fart in the jar, right? I don't want to come to an empty jar like an idiot. I just think maybe that guy shouldn't be a little vote. Stephanie Mato should be president. She's a genius. If you can sell jars of maybe farts, sky is the limit for your entrepreneurial activity. I don't know, maybe instead of having some people not be able to vote, maybe just people's voting power should differ from one another. Maybe when you turn 18, you get one vote. But then you can get more votes if you make better decisions going forward. AI bots are something just monitored your life choices. And you can go down to no votes if you make terrible decisions. Maybe you learn CPR because you're a good person. You just want to help others. Yeah. And then one day you're out at the park and you see someone in this pond in the middle of the park, they're drowning. And you risk your life to save the life of this stranger. Why are they even swimming in this pond in the first place? But you run out there and you swim out there and you bring them back to short and you breathe life into their lungs. That's beautiful. You get 15, 20 extra votes. But what if like a month later, same park, you get caught beating off in the bushes when now you have no votes. You're all over the place. You're too inconsistent. We have no idea what you're going to do in the booth. I can't trust you. Also, we should change the criteria for who gets to run for higher office because there's almost no criteria right now. It's crazy. Like to become president, you just have to be at least 35 naturalized citizens, resident for at least 14 years. You could also be a felon. You could have a variety of felonies. You couldn't vote for yourself, but you could run. Yeah, that's true. You could be a level three sex offender and technically become president. You could be the first president not allowed to live in the White House because it's too close to a school. That's technically possible. You can actually murder somebody and become a senator. Again, couldn't vote for yourself, but could run. In one random scenario I thought of, I think murdering someone is the best way for you to become a senator. Check out this long con. I've thought up. You don't have to be 30 to run for the senate. That's pretty young. Let's say you're running for senate, you're 30 years old, you get close. You get down to the last two or three, but you know you're not going to win. If you really, really want to be senator someday, here's what you do. You publicly execute your main rival. Right? You're going to get in a lot of trouble. You're going to go to prison. But if you have a good lawyer, no priors, and behave yourself while you're in prison, there's no way you're getting more than 30 years. Now you're 60 years old. Pretty young for a politician. You get out and you run again. And this time you will win. Who in the right mind is going to run against you? You'd have some wild ass campaign slogans too. Vote for Cummins, because no one has to die. Not again. Also crazy that there's no educational or prior work experience requirements for the highest political offices. Like running the biggest economy in the world could be your first job. You don't have to know how to read, count to five, nothing. There's no equivalent for that in the corporate world because it's really fucking stupid. The corporate equivalent would be if a company every four years, they gathered every employee in the warehouse, and took a vote to decide who's going to lead the company the next four years. Does it matter what your position is? Anybody can be president. Companies would fold left and right. Good job guys, you did it. I'd like to welcome the new president and CEO of Advanced Biotech Nanotechnology. You may recognize him from the cafeteria where he's worked part-time for the last three weeks. Bob Anderson, better known as Hot Dog. Hot Dog Anderson, start sending out those resumes. Thank you. That's what I was hoping for for Hot Dog Anderson. The crowd in general never likes Hot Dog Anderson as much as I do. You get it. Well, I hope none of the material I told tonight upset you too much, especially the political stuff. And if it did, I hope you can just kind of grow up and get the fuck over it and stop being such a crybaby. Thank you so much for that right now. We have too many people that just want to wallow in their own echo chamber and just refuse to hear any other dissenting points of view. And that is not a healthy way to have a society. There's always going to be a lot of different opinions. The best way to have a healthy society is to have compromise and discourse. But we don't do that right now as a society, right? We just scream at each other. We're in a relationship of sorts. And so we should communicate and talk things out and work on it. Like no relationship counselor worth half a shit, seen a couple having trouble, would advise them to do what we do as a society right now. No one would be like, hey, all right guys, stand on other sides of the room and fucking scream at each other. Plug your ears. Don't listen to the person. Never back down. Never apologize. That's what we do. It's crazy. I wish we had more people like my grandpa Ward. He was great hearing other people's opinions. Right, he lived in this tiny little town in Idaho, Riggins, for his entire adult life. And he would have this weekly breakfast with these other guys where they would discuss politics, religion, everything for the last few decades of his life. He was a Democrat, not religious. They were Republican. They were religious. They disagreed on so much. They argued. Things got heated. But at the end of the breakfast, they would still respect each other, shake hands, and agree to meet the next week. And when he was on his deathbed, yeah. And when he was on his deathbed, the last couple of weeks of his life, and he was too sick to go to the diner, those same guys were the ones who came to him and kept those talks going. Right? And finally, after all those years, when he was near death and no longer worried about consequences, he fucking killed him. He had enough of their shit. And he left the world a better place than he found it. No, no. Now, he kept those talks going right into the end. It was beautiful. And those were the guys who cried the hardest at his funeral. It was a beautiful thing. And I think if we could do that as a society, keep talking, not give up on each other, be to Nacius, you know, persevere, keep pushing forward when times get tough. Life could be better than has truly ever been. But we got to work hard to get there and not give up. And that's hard sometimes. And sometimes when I feel like giving up, there's a hero I met about a decade ago that I like to think about who inspires me, to keep going no matter what. And I want to share this person's story with you, maybe they'll inspire you. He was in Santa Monica, California, and Lindsay and the kids and I, we used to go to this 50s diner, this great little nostalgic diner. We get about a block from this place, and we hear the unmistakable sound of a car wreck. We look at the other end of the block. It was this old cutlass, taking a right hand turn off Santa Monica Boulevard, and it starts mashing the first part car it tries to pass. Very slowly, it's just grazing along the side of this car, ripping off the paint, so that popping off the mirror, it could stop, it could tap the brakes and stop at any moment, and just doesn't. So slow, it just mangles this car, and then it proceeds to the exact same thing to the second car it tries to pass. Like we're mesmerized. And as it gets closer, you can see that this is not the first two accidents this car's been in today. Legitimately, it looks like it was driven there from the demolition derby where it took a beating. And it proceeds to hit to some degree, even if it's just a glancing blow, every single parked car on that entire side of the full block. It just kept veering to the right, because its front right tire wasn't just blown, it was completely gone. Just a bent rim, so it's tilted, so it'll try to correct, and then inevitably slam back to the right. And we're wondering, who is driving this? When they come into view, it was an older lady, probably in her 80s, but not who I expected. She seemed very well put together, not disheveled, not disoriented, nothing. Like she was her posture was perfect, she had a great haircut, nice silky shirt, just smile on her face, she had her hands at 10 and 2, she had driving gloves on, which I felt work excessive. Just considering her visible skill set, she had a real happy energy, seemed really positive and upbeat. Her energy could not match up less with the carnage she's leaving in her way. And when she gets to the end of the block where we're standing, I try to stop her, because this is dangerous. I was like, man, stop, stop, stop. She sees me at first and she tries to wave me off. Just takes her hand off the wheel for a second, like, I can out of here, mom has got shit to do. So, I try to get like, man, please stop, stop. She now she stops. She stops, she puts the car in park, I tell her, I'm like, your tire's gone. She turns off her engine, she takes her seatbelt off, safety first. She comes out of the car, walks around, I revealed to her the roughly a million dollars in insurance claims. She's just launched single handedly. And I explained her, this is very dangerous, she's going to hurt herself or someone else, so I got to call this in. And she should call someone to come pick her up. And all she says to me is, okay, still seems very happy. So now she goes, do I assume get her phone? She goes, she gets in the car, shuts the door, locks it, puts her seatbelt back on. Turns over the ignition, puts the car in drive, I'm like, are you fucking kidding me? Starts to creep forward and I try to stop her one last time. I was like, man, please stop, stop. She gives me the most reassuring, calm down buddy, everything's going to be A-OK thumbs up. Just to quick thumbs up. Drives through the intersection, and the next block hits two more cars, press over a little hill, not of our lives forever. That's all I know about her, never sorry again. But I think about her a lot. We've talked about her in the family ever since. We call her the Perseverance Fairy. She refused to be stopped that day. No matter what obstacles life threw at her, I mean they were parked, but you get it. She was going to keep going, and we like to pretend that she is still going somewhere right now. She's still driving. And she'll never stop because she's not a real human. She's a mythological entity sent to inspire us, to remind us to keep pushing forward when we feel like we can't. She shows up at your lowest points, how great would that be? To lose your job, you're down to your last 20 bucks, you want to quit, you're just like, ah fuck it, I give up. But then you hear, mashing metal from down the streets. There she is, still living along. She's like, you know I go, we don't quit brother. Thank you Perseverance Fairy, and thank you for the apples, you guys are great, hey, Lina. Thank you guys so much. I'm going to speed my mind, I'm going, girl you just got up there. Yeah, that was my line, I'm on it. Girl you just ain't no good. And my head now, we been just, out for the laundry, baby. And the time I've got to go with, give it that a look, I'm still your friend. And I must take sure the trail, in the cloud to your day.
What's up, New York? Yeah! Same, we ain't a house. Oh, shit! Give it up for all the ladies in the house, fellas. Let the dogs loose. Hey, I've been watching TV a lot, y'all. Y'all, y'all, everybody here seen those early pregnancy test commercials. You notice they only got white people in them? And everybody in the commercials is happy? The girl came out to bathroom. Honey. Yes, what? And he's sitting on the couch. What, babe? We're positive. Fucking heck. That shit ain't real. I want to see a sister. I want to see a sister. Every brother here wanted to see one sister going to bathroom. She'd be in there. She could be like, Damn. Guess what? You're gonna ask, need a job. Your life is, you know, your kids, right? Quite a different family. Not that later. You know what, you're just..most sensitive to the health work. Yeah. That's it. I had to say it fight me. To make me mean old people stand on me. And maybe I got his voice on P.S. Because I was told it was easier to shout it down. And if you didn't get your attention. Then I was like, sorry, sorry. You got a big question. I don't feel like walking. Oh, fuck it's crazy, man. They got this new car alarm on to tell you about every brother in here since they got a nice car. They got this new car alarm to be out in 92, right? If they steal your car, the car alarm will call your house. The shit is real. I said to myself, imagine this, right? Saturday night, about 4 o'clock in the morning, you sleet's like, you're going to be out of the car. Hello? Yo, Bill, wake up. Who is it? It's the car, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. They got me dirty and thinking of the radio and they ain't doing anything. All right, will you at, I don't know. You better hurry up. Wait a minute, here they come. I'll call you back. Shit, he's crazy. Crazy shit, man. Shit, he's crazy. Crazy shit, man.
Perhaps shitty, or mental? Thank you, thank you guys. Wow. New York City everybody, here we are. City of Dreams. That's how they bill it, right? City where dreams come true. Have you looked around? Does it look like people's dreams are coming true out there? Oh look, a Mexican man delivering Chinese food on a bicycle. Just like he always dreamed back home. A family digging through the garbage for bottles and cans because they're just that passionate about the environment. Do what you love and the money will come. A nickel at a time. People working two and three part time jobs into their 30s and 40s having two and three roommates. A lot of people seem to have that dream in New York. And it is coming true. Living in New York is like one extended game of how well are you hiding your poverty? And depression. Some days you'll hide the poverty better, other days the depression. But when you get that balance just right, people say look, that guy's dreams are coming true. Let's get a selfie with him. Everybody's hustling in New York, overworked, underpaid. And you just get hired for jobs you didn't even apply for. I drive a 2007 Toyota Prius, charcoal gray, nondescript. But now that Uber and Lyft exist, people just get into my car routinely. Just recently this young woman gets in my car and announces we're going to Brooklyn. Just waving her girlfriends over. I'm like, whoa, we're not going to Brooklyn. She's like, excuse me. I'm like, I'm not a cab driver. She's like, what? I'm like, this is not a cab. I'm a person who has a car and drives himself places he needs to go. And then she was horrified when she realized that she ran out, traumatized into the embrace of her friends as if I had done something wrong. I was like, you broke into my car. And she was so sure of herself that I was like, maybe I do work for Uber. Like, is this how they hire you? Someone just gets in and is like, where in Brooklyn? Where do you just want to get a good review? I hit a cop car with my car. I don't recommend doing that. I was driving home with my fiance. We were just a few blocks from home. We were passing by this cafe that I go to from time to time. I noticed it peripherally that they were open later than usual. So I turned my head like, oh, they're open later than usual. When I turned back, the words police were getting closer and closer. I rammed into the cop car's bumper. And my fiance to her credit didn't say anything, but I could just feel everything she was thinking. I was like, you're right. You're absolutely right about all of it. The cop car, we're at a light. The cop car turns off to a side street. So then I turned to my fiance like, should we just get the hell out of here? Like, no, we can't do that. So then I turn and follow the cop and pull up behind him. Now, the sudden, it's like, I'm pulling him over. Maybe I work for the NYPD now. So then we're just sitting and waiting. Cop finally gets out, ambles over. First thing he says is, bad idea hitting a fucking cop car. I was like, yeah, actually, it wasn't my idea. Just happened. Then he was kind of like pacing around. Like, remember when you were kid and your parents were almost like searching for the punishment? They were beside themselves. So I'm waiting, finally he's like, fuck it. I don't want to deal with this. I was like, that was my solution. Then he goes, you were never here. Which I thought was almost existential. Like, are any of us ever really truly here? Then he turns and walks back to his car. As he's about to get in, he turns back and says, oh, are you OK? I was like, yeah, we're fine. Are you OK? He's like, yeah, gets into his car, drives away. I turn to my fiance and say, I don't know what these black folks are complaining about. That could not have been a more pleasant exchange. I felt safe. I felt protected. I felt like my life mattered. I felt like my life mattered. I felt like my life mattered. I felt like my life mattered. I felt like my life mattered. It was like we were thrust into a commercial for White Privilege. If you're not sure whether or not your life matters, I suggest that you hit a cop car. Just see how the rest of the exchange goes. It'll be a little different for everyone. Results made vary. Some assembly required. My fiance and I took a jar of coins to the bank. I don't know if you've ever had to do that as an adult, but it's somewhat humiliating. You don't even get to talk to a real person. They have this animated character named Penny Arcade. She's like, would you like to take a guess at how much money you have? First of all, this is a serious financial transaction. Can I see a manager or somebody with a tie on? Secondly, yes, we would like to take a guess. Actually, that sounds like a lot of fun. We weren't prepared for that if we could just huddle up for a moment. That's within the rules. $50. That was our guess. We were way off. $123.17. Oh, we jumped as if we had won the lottery. Everyone in the bank was looking over. We were like, coins, you can turn them into real money. Get in on it. Diversify your portfolio. Ask for Penny. Tell her we sent you. Never been that happy in a bank before. So my fiance and I are getting married in October. Thank you. Thank you. We're going to have a heterosexual wedding we decided. Got to discuss everything these days. You can't take anything for granted. I said, I identify as the groom. She's like, I feel like the bride. I was like, all right, that's one thing down. Let's talk appetizers. We had a bit of a love story. We dated 10 years ago, and I fell in love with her. As soon as I saw her, I just instantly fell in love, felt that connection. But then she broke up with me. She didn't feel it the same way. She was young. She moved to Italy for school and work. And I was broken. I was devastated. I was pathetic. I've never been pathetic. Like really just an embarrassment. Like you can see in your friend's face, they don't even want to be around you. It's like, oh, he's going to tell us the story again. It was very raw. You feel alive, but for all the wrong reasons. Started making bad decisions. Started visiting her mom. Basically started dating her mom. I just needed to be close to someone who was close to her. But then finally, I got my shit together, moved on, broke up with her mom. Well, life was good again. I felt whole. I felt good. Years went by, dated other people. Then a couple years ago, I got a text message out of the blue. How are you? And you know how you recognize the old area code? It's like, oh, 908. Look who's back. Right on time. How are you? I was like, today or the last eight years. The answer to both is fine. Send. Because you got to be a man about it, right? Can't give it up too soon. You got to play it close to the vest. But inside it was like, dear diary. You'll never guess who's back. I'll give you three little hints. 908. Give up, diary. It's her. I was excited. It's very excited. We went out for coffee. Then we went out to dinner. And then she moved in. Decided to take a slow this time. And it's funny because you know how you have different friends who react differently. You have the friends who are unconditionally supportive, hopeless, romantics. My friend, Danny, was like, Teddy, if there's any love in this world, run towards it as fast as you can. I was like, thanks, Danny. I'm going to do that. Then I said, but don't you still live with your wife even though you got divorced five years ago? He's like, we're talking about you right now. This isn't about me. That's fair. That's fair, Danny. Then you have other friends who are more protective of you. They hold a grudge for you. My friend was like, don't let her back. Don't let her break your heart again. I was like, I don't even know if I have a heart. I'm 48 years old. I just want to feel again. Who cares? Break my heart. So it did feel good to reconnect with the one who I always thought was the one. Because she's different. She's an artist. I'm a comedian. So we've committed to a life of struggle. But she just fascinates me. I like the way she sees the world. She's different. She was raised by lesbians. I don't mean she was abducted and taken into the wild. She was raised. Her mother was with a woman, and they raised her and her siblings. And every now and then, it just hits me. Just little moments. I can't even explain it. I'm just like, ah, that's right. Raised by lesbians. They don't care for men. LAUGHTER I am a heterosexual man. I've always been attracted to females. But there are certain guys who make me nervous. You know what I mean? Like every now and then, I'm just like, oh, hello. I never know when it's going to happen. Like, there's this guy that works in the bagel shop in our neighborhood. I can't even make the right... Like, he has the most mysterious blue eyes. I can't even look him directly in the face. Like, as the line moves up, it's like, I hope I get him, but I also don't hope I get him. Like, my heart is beating faster. My mouth is dry. Finally, I get up to the front. I'm just like, cream cheese, you decide. LAUGHTER I don't know what it is. I'm not sexually attracted to him, but I just want him to like me. LAUGHTER That's really... So we reconnected again. It was beautiful. There was an age difference. And there still is. That's how math works. LAUGHTER But it feels like less now, because time has gone by. We're both older. Like, if I took her to my high school prom, I would have been pushing her in a stroller. Like, no, no, trust me guys. I have a good feeling this is going to work out. LAUGHTER Hey now, hey now, I'm going to dream it over. I've got a house. I've got a house. The house. It helps her sleep. They call her home. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. It's beautiful. LAUGHTER Oh. She is in her very early 30s. And I am in my late 40s. They say a woman's sexual prime is her 30s, so she is in her sexual prime. And I am not. LAUGHTER I'm past my prime. Like, do you remember when Shaq played for the Celtics? LAUGHTER That's me. He didn't look like himself anymore, yet a hard time getting up and down the court. Some nights he was really an embarrassment. And I bet there were nights where Shaq's teammates got very angry at Shaq and said, like, Shaq, do you even want to play with us? Do you have any passion for the game anymore? Do you care? And I'm sure Shaq was like, no, guys, it's not bad at all. I love you. It's just that I'm a little older now. It takes me a little longer to warm up. Maybe if you could just fucking be a little patient. Shaq probably said to them. LAUGHTER And I just think it was very unfair of Shaq's teammates to treat him like that. He was a legend. He had done a lot in the game. He deserved better. LAUGHTER And if you look back, Shaq had some really good games for the Celtics. Not every game. Not every game. But on some nights he looked like the Shaq of old, and I just wish his teammates could have appreciated that instead of harping on the nights that he had difficulty performing. LAUGHTER APPLAUSE I feel for Shaq is what I'm trying to say. LAUGHTER The older you get, and the longer you've been with somebody, the sex isn't as important as sexual threats. LAUGHTER You know what I mean? You just got to throw it out there like, oh, someone's going to get it tonight. Nobody's going to get it. You're just going to watch Netflix and go to bed. But it's just nice as a gesture to put it out there in the air. It's a nice thing to do. LAUGHTER Oh, you better watch it. You're going to get punished. Like, what? Go to bed? Like, what's the punishment? We know what's going to happen. LAUGHTER I proposed on a Wednesday, on a random Wednesday. Just because I felt like anyone can do it on a weekend when it's supposed to be fun. You know, but I felt like Wednesday would really set her up for what our whole marriage is going to feel like. It's going to be a real Wednesday energy to the whole thing. And as soon as she knows that, the better. LAUGHTER So it was very, it was just, you know, it was an exciting time being back together after all those years. At times, it felt a bit like a corporate merger where certain departments are no longer needed. And they were mostly the departments I was in charge of. My job is to see to it that all devices remain charged. I take it very seriously. I'm always on the prowl. I'm like, honey, give me that. You're at 11 percent. Thank God I was here. Crisis averted. That's what it means to be a man in 2017. Just like, I think we have an outlet over here. Let me... Keep the family safe. LAUGHTER 70 percent above, that's my rule. Because she'll let it get down to like the single digits. I'm like, we're not animals. I have that once all over this place. How do you live like that? She handles all food related decisions. She just took that over unilaterally. That's her department. I never know what's next. I just have to stay on my toes. I'm discovering that women all have this side thing as a nutritionist. It's not licensed, not certified, but they're always talking to each other, looking at articles, spreading the latest stuff. It's like this underground railroad of nutrition that men aren't privy to. And it's always changing. Coconut oil was a big part of our lives for a while. I don't know if you're familiar with the wonders of coconut oil. But if not, prepare to be wowed. There was nothing you couldn't do with coconut oil. You can spread it on things. You can cook with it. You can rub it on your body and moisturize. You can put it in your hair if you have hair. You can whiten your teeth. We were so happy. The three of us together. Then one morning, I don't know what happened. She must have read an article. We were done with coconut oil. I don't know why, but her reasons are my reasons. She's angry. So I'm angry. We're done with it forever. We're on to miso. I don't know how long it's going to last. I can't question, but I don't want to get too attached to me. Smoothies are another big part of our lives. I didn't see that coming. Smoothies. Because when you're single, a smoothie is just like a fun word that you remember from time to time. I go, yeah, maybe I'll have one of those eventually. But when you're part of a couple, a smoothie is so much more. Oh, it's like a relationship lubricant. You always have something to talk about. The next smoothie. What are we going to have? What do we have? Do we have baby spinach? Do we have berries? Are they in season? Do we have avocado? Is it in that five minute window when it's still good? Do we have the milk of some sort of nut? The nuts are all battling it out to see you could be milkiest. We always have fruits and vegetables in the house now. I didn't realize it, but when you're in a couple, you eat the fruits and vegetables that you buy. That was a revelation for me. Because when you're single, if you buy a fruit or a vegetable, it's like a wish that will very likely not come true. We always do different food-related things. She said you want to do a food challenge? I'm like, who could eat more wings? She's like, no, no. We're eliminating gluten, dairy, oils, and fun. I'm like, no, you win that challenge. I'm out. We did a cleanse of 30-day cleanse. I was starving for 30 days. I was so hungry. It was such an unfamiliar feeling to be that hungry. Because you see those commercials where there are millions of Americans go to bed hungry every single night. I was like, yeah, I know. I'm one of them. And in a way, it's even more impressive because I have access to food. I can't end world hunger, but I can end my hunger. I would get these cryptic texts from her when I'm on the road. All of a sudden, my phone is like, bananas aren't clean. I'll tell the others. Like, what is this? It's a drug deal? Like, I just want to eat my breakfast. Banana's over clean. Banana's over clean. I'm on the fucker. Banana, I tell the others. Banana's on the clean. Fuck you. Oh, really, baby? They aren't clean. We watched a lot of documentaries. I've never met anybody who's seen more documentaries than my fiancee. I literally think that the eight years we were apart, she just watched documentaries the entire time. Because any time one comes up, I'm like, oh, let's watch that. She's like, I already saw it. I'm like, it just came out. She's like, I was there when they shot it. We watched this documentary called Banana Land. If you like bananas, I do not recommend watching Banana Land. Like every documentary, it will fucking ruin what you love forever. I won't tell you the whole thing, but I'll, if I could distill it down to a single line. Towards the end of Banana Land, this woman, this Central American Banana Farmer, looks right into the camera and says, just remember, the next time you eat a banana, you're eating pure violence. Great, you know, I know we shouldn't watch this. Pure violence. We happen to like our smoothies with pure violence. When my fiance first moved in, we were fighting a lot. And it was difficult because she's good at it. And I am getting better. And by that, I mean, I'm learning to say I'm sorry. I make it a habit. I say it regularly. I say, babe, I love you. Please forgive me. I'm sorry. And then she says, we can't just say I'm sorry. It's not just about saying the words. I'm sorry. You have to understand what you did. You can't just say I'm sorry and it's over. And I say, you're right. I'm sorry. Please forgive me. I apologize. And then she says, well, it's not like this is the first time I've said this to you. I've said it many times before. You just keep doing the same thing over and over again. What are you going to get it through your head? And then I say, what the fuck? I'm not Hitler. I'm just a human being. Maybe you can cut me some slack. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Actually, I say, I'm sorry. Please forgive me. I apologize. Because I love her. I love her very much. But I disappoint her a lot. I've never been this disappointing to another human being. terrain. But I'm realizing that that's what love is. Disappointment. When you find someone who you disappoint regularly, hold on to that person because you have found true love. To be fair, sometimes after a fight, she'll come up to me kind of sheepishly and say, babe, I'm sorry. I think I'm getting my period. And I say, no, no, we're getting our period. Because it is a shared suffering. She suffers physically. And I do not. And I get it. I think you know, women have it harder in this world. I think men walk around with a degree of privilege every single day that they'll never fully comprehend. Or so I'm told. No, I believe that's true. I think men have it easier. I think women put up with so much shit for men. They're entire lives from the time they're little girls, whether it's family, teachers, classmates, coaches, bosses, colleagues, random assholes on the street. That by the time they settle on you, it's like they finally got through to customer service. And you are going to get an earful because they are not happy with the product. Oh, yeah. They have got some complaints that they've been sitting on for a very long time. And you just picked up. You're going to be tempted to say things like, oh, no, I'm sorry. That's not my department. Let me transfer you. But guess what? It's all your department now. You're the only one in the department. So just get used to saying things like, I'm sorry. Please forgive me. I apologize. And you have a shot of keeping your job. 48 years old. I find myself waking up injured now. That's a new thing. Go to sleep perfectly fine. Wake up with like a strained calf. I don't remember running in the night. I thought I was just laying flat for eight hours. Apparently, I have to stretch before I sleep. I feel like I'm always masking at least two injuries. I'm going to soon as one heals two more appears. It's just like they're never fully healed. And I know I look alright, but I'm like a lemon. You know when they describe a car as a lemon looks nice, but then under the hood, they're like, oh, looks like it was in a flood down south. I was in Hawaii. I had a gig in Maui. Beautiful. Amazing. I don't know if you've ever been. It's just the most majestic place I was standing on the shore looking out at the most blue beautiful ocean and equally majestic blue sky. Just contemplating life. A wave washed ashore. Hit my knee. It buckled and it's still not the same. I don't think it'll ever be the same. That's where I'm at. Water is a threat. I went to see a doctor. He was like, were you playing basketball? I was like, no, I was standing still. I was relaxing. I've been peeing sitting down. Decided to start that phase of my life. I wish I knew about it sooner. I didn't realize it was an option. The old guys make you figure it out for yourself. It's like this zen thing. You have to just learn it. Oh, it's just gorgeous. And I don't use that word, but it's just such a game-changing, gorgeous thing. I just, you know, just sit there. I'm not even talking about like, be productive, take your phone out, get things done. I'm just talking about sitting down, just seeing what happens. Let the young guys stand. They've got hopes and dreams, making plans, got a stream. You can depend on. Not me. I got a spotty flow. I'm like an old rapper. There's a lot of, oh, what? What? Make some noise. A big basketball fan. And I realized that it's kind of common knowledge that the first black baseball player was Jackie Robinson, 1947, Brooklyn Dodgers. But I realized I don't know who the first black NBA player was. I think it was just the entire NBA. Like one day it was all white, the very next day it was all black. You don't have to show up anymore. We just realized you suck a basketball. We've made a horrible mistake. You could be a ref. You could coach the team. You could only team. You could literally do any other job. You just can't play anymore. And some of those white guys are still in the Hall of Fame who didn't play against black guys. The Hall of Fame, you know what? Get the fuck out of the Hall of Fame. How dare you? You could work in the Hall of Fame. You could give tours. You could sweep up. You're just not allowed to be in the Hall of Fame. Racism was really like the first steroids. Like a performance enhancing drug. Like your performance is definitely enhanced if you're just playing basketball against other white guys. There's a league now of all white guys. There still is a league. It's called Division 3 College Basketball and it's awful. It's unwatchable. But if this was 1940, they would be in the Hall of Fame. I was thinking about how we're all replaceable. I think we're all replaceable and I take great solace in that. Some people resist that because they attribute it like to work or achievement. You know, they're like, no, no, my job. I'm the only one. You're not the only one. But I'm working on this project. Nobody gives a shit about your project. It's stupid. Don't show up to work for a few days and someone else will take over your stupid project. We're all replaceable. And I take comfort in that. Steve Jobs, Apple, Genius, right? The year that he died, I read that the very next year, Apple had its best year ever. There you go. If Steve Jobs is replaceable, we're all replaceable. Steve Carr, coach of the Golden State Warriors, a few years ago, he led them to the championship. The very next year, he had back surgery. He was out. His assistant took over. They went 24 and 0 and went on to the best record in NBA history. The next year, he heard us back again, a different assistant stepped in. They went all the way to the finals, undefeated, and finally lost when he came back. Steve Carr, great coach. Very replaceable. And Viv on the fresh prints. She thought she was irreplaceable. Guess what, Aunt Viv, season three, you're out. We're all just Aunt Viv and our way through life. So guys, as of the beginning of my set, Donald Trump is still our 45th and final president. Not looking good, everyone. It's like mainlining anxiety with this guy, right? You have to think about him every single day. Like from the moment you wake up, you know he's coming for you. Right? Every day. I don't even think about my family every day. I gotta think about this guy. Just gotta know you think about him. Like, well, what do you got? What do you got? What do you got, Donald? What do you got? What do you got? What do you got? What do you got? Huh? North Korea? What is it? I just tweeted right into my fucking bloodstream. Oh, it's so exhausting, right? It's starting to feel like we're the senior class of Earth. Right? Like if there is an afterlife, and there isn't. We're gonna walk in like, we ended it. What did you guys do? Hey, Thomas Edison, light bulb. No more light. Rosa Parks, stay seated. Oh, God, oh, that's so, it's so anxiety-inducing, right? It's like it's like post-traumatic stress without the post. Present-traumatic stress. It's so exhausting, especially in this age of yoga and meditation, mindfulness being present in the now. Trump is like the opposite of all that. Like if you take yoga, Trump is what you've been preparing for the whole time. The teacher's like, everyone, this is not a test. This is it. This is the real thing. Just breathe, root yourself in your practice, and be present in the now while we still have now. This is called downward spiraling society. Can I just stage-dive? It feels appropriate. Donald Trump's campaign slogan was make America great again, but it might as well have been fuck yoga. Do you remember the night of the election as the return started coming in? You start to have that conspiracy brain going, right? You know, Trump was ahead early, and I was like, I see what they're doing. They're going to let him get ahead early, keep us watching, then at the end of the night, Hillary will be present. Then later in the night, they're like, Trump's still ahead. It's still too close to call. We'll tell you in the morning. I was like, I see what they're doing. They're going to let us go to sleep. I think he's going to be present in the morning. Hillary will be present. Then the morning they're like, Trump's president. I was like, I see what they're doing. They're going to swear him in, let him govern for four years, and then Hillary will be present. Part of me felt bad for Hillary. Just in the sense that she's always like the sure thing, can't lose, always loses. It's almost like they're playing this game of, what would it take to get you to vote for Hillary Clinton? Hear me out. What if she ran against a black guy with the middle name Hussein? No? Wow. This is going to be a lot harder than I thought. Okay. Okay. All right. How about this? An orange reality television star, no experience, racist, and sexist. Still no. Holy shit. You really don't seem to like her. Everyone threatened to move to Canada on both sides, right? Didn't matter who you were voting. I'm moving to Canada. It's like, we get it. If your candidate loses, you're moving to the widest English-speaking country you can drive to. What about Mexico? Oh, no, no, no. Well, I'm not that progressive. I remember when Barack Obama got elected, a lot of people said, I wish my grandparents had lived to see this, the first black president in American history. And I know how they feel now. I wish my grandparents had lived to see Trump get elected. Because they were racist and this would have been very, very special for them on a pound of how racist they were. They weren't just racist. They had other interests. Like my grandmother was an excellent baker, but she was a racist baker and you could always taste it. There was always something off in every recipe. Like, no, no, what is that spice? Ah, racism, of course. I should have guessed. Now, I'm not saying that everyone who voted for Trump is racist. I'm saying my grandparents were. And if you voted for Trump, you probably would have liked them. To be fair to my grandparents, they weren't racist at the time. They were just white. But a lot of times white is just like racist that hasn't been diagnosed yet. It's like you get the test results back years later. Like, oh, we got your results. You were very racist the whole entire time. You should have been tested more regularly. You're in a very high risk group. I voted for Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary. I just think that Bernie is the face of America right now. Bernie Sanders is 74 years old and he's still looking for a job. What could be more American than that? But it was like a reality show, right? The whole election cycle. It was kind of hard to look away. It was like governing with the stars. Like a reality show. I like the early episodes though, right? Bernie and Hillary. They almost felt like your grandparents put from opposite sides of the family. Bernie was like the fun grandpa who makes sure that everybody's sharing. And Hillary's like, fuck, Grandma Hillary's coming this weekend. This is gonna suck. Smile for Grandma Hillary. Trump's like your mentally ill uncle who just shows up on an ounce. You never know what he's gonna say or do. Like, no, no, just let him talk. This is gonna be interesting. Just keep him away from the grill. And the gardeners. So I don't know. I don't know. Is voting the answer? I doubt it. People get mad if you don't vote. They'll yell at you. How dare how dare you? How? How dare you? People died so you can vote. Yeah, and people are gonna die because you vote. Enjoy your sticker. Right? It's just it's so disheartening that's never discussed. It's never discussed. Continuous murder. We're always just electing the next murderer in chief. Sometimes we feel good about it, right? Sometimes we feel progressive. We had a black murder in chief. Oh, that's so progressive. And we almost had a woman murdering around the globe. Ah, right? Breaking the glass ceiling and then the shards of glass falling murder in people. Oh, my God. Then the ex-presidents, once they're out of office, right? They do a 180. They re-brand. Obama is going wind surfing with billionaires. George W. Bush is a painter all of a sudden. Ah, right? How the fuck did that? George W. Bush. He's like Mr. McGoo with a paintbrush all of a sudden. Taking selfies with Michelle Obama and Ellen. He's so likable and fun. He did a reverse Hitler. Hitler was a painter and then he murdered a lot of people. They said never forget George, we didn't forget. It all goes by so quickly though, right? Sometimes you forget. It all just goes by so quickly that you forget. Do you remember when Jeb Bush was the presumptive nominee? Do you remember that? It was supposed to be Jeb Bush against Hillary Clinton, right? Just like God ordained, the two royal families battling it out. Jeb Bush just disappeared. But he resurfaced recently. Did you hear what happened? He bought the Miami-Marlins baseball team. That was his plan B. Maybe I'll be president? Maybe I'll buy a baseball team. Nothing takes the edge off losing, like owning some human beings, huh? Historically speaking, that really takes the edge off. And he wasn't even the first person in his family to do that. George, the people who owned the Texas Rangers, I think in the 90s, the fourth place Texas Rangers. Couldn't even figure out the American League. We put him in charge of America. Donald Trump, in the 80s, he owned the New Jersey Generals of the now-defunct USFL. Doesn't exist anymore. For whatever that's worth. And recently, Trump got into trouble for claiming to know more about ISIS than the generals. And it finally occurred to me, like, oh, he probably meant the New Jersey Generals. That makes a little more sense. Still probably wrong, but at least it does make some sense. Done. Done. I call him done, Trump every now and then. He takes the edge off. Just hits the ear different, right? Donald Trump. Don Trump. Almost sounds like a personal injury lawyer. Don Trump, have you been injured or an accident? Dial DLNTR, UM. I leave the SP all over me. Martin Luther King Jr., if he was just Marty King. I don't know. Would you be on board with his dream? Marty King probably just wants to play Vegas. Marty King limited time only. That Caesar's palace. Mother Teresa, she was just mom and Terry. Hey, mom and Terry, when you're here, you're famished. Why is Mother Teresa having Italian restaurants? She was a bad business woman. Wonderful woman, horrible business. Jesus was a bad businessman too. Right? Just gave everything away for free. That's why there's no Jesus school of economics. People will say Jesus is my personal Lord and Savior. Do you describe to his economic policy? I was raised Catholic and now I'm not. That's usually the end of that sentence. Rarely you hear I was raised Catholic and now I'm fucking really Catholic. I think it's a good starter kid Catholicism. It's good for kids. You have good characters. Jesus and Santa Claus. Right? When you're a kid, those are the two characters. Both great guys giving things away for free. Both socialist basically. That's what you're indoctrinated with. Santa going around the world just giving people toys. Jesus turning one thing into an old man. That's what you're doing. You're doing a lot of things. You're doing a lot of things. You're doing a lot of things. Jesus turning one thing into another thing, giving it away for free. Water into wine at the wedding when they ran out. It's not like oh and then Jesus made a fucking killing because it's a wedding and they need wine. Right place, right time. Market supply and demand. Fucking Jesus. If Jesus came back now, the bar would be so much lower. He wouldn't have to turn water into wine. He could just turn water into clean drinking water. Show up in Flint, Michigan, the people who be like, Jesus, it's a miracle we can drink this. Yeah, please go ahead drink it. I just put a grid of filter on it. It's just not even a miracle really. What's it about, though? Ray, what's it about? You can't just walk around feeling dispirited. I think it's about the movements. The movements that have been coalescing. Even before Trump got into office, occupy Wall Street, Black Lives Matter. Some people say, whoa, what about all lives? Don't all lives matter? Yeah, they do. But this is called Black Lives Matter. They already decided on a name. And if your first contribution to the movement is suggesting a name change, maybe you're not as in it as you think you are. Show up to a couple more meetings and stand in the back quietly. The movements, right? Fight for 15. The Muslim ban, people showed up, flooded the airports, all over the country. People showed up for these people who were being banned. A lot of people are refugees leaving violent oppression, fleeing, running for their lives. Have you ever moved? That sucks. You have to waste a whole weekend. You got to get boxes, a van, bother your friends. My last move was from the second floor to the fourth floor of the same building. And it was an ordeal I hope I never have to go through ever again. I'm still scarred. There wasn't a war on the second floor. I just had a better view on the fourth. The movements to code a pipeline, the Pepsi movement. If you didn't hear about the Pepsi movement, let me fill you in. Pepsi did this commercial that caused a bit of a star because they kind of co-opted all of these movements that have been going on and they spit it out as commercialism. In this commercial, Kendall Jenner, who was a person I just found out about, she's of the house in Liniage of Jenner. She's on a photo shoot, a very glamorous photo shoot. There's a wind machine, I think. And as she's on this photo shoot, a protest march goes by. And people are holding signs with such nuanced messages as peace and love. You know those peace and love marches we've been seeing so much of? Catches Kendall Jenner's eye, but that's not what gets her in. A little later on, there's this cute boy who kind of flirts with her and beckons her into the movement. And that's when Kendall Jenner realizes, hey, I think I'm down with the peace and love movement. She rips off her blonde wig, of course. Wipes off her lipstick, you know, gets protest ready. And not only does she join the movement, she goes right to the front lines. And what does she do? She gives a police officer an ice cold Pepsi. Everyone cheers and world peace is declared. Thanks to Kendall Jenner and Pepsi. How could you possibly be offended by that? On the bright side, at least we finally found our first paid protestor. But I don't blame Kendall Jenner. Come on, she's a 13 year old girl who doesn't know whether her father's or mother's or father. She's got a lot to sort through. I blame the comedians and actors who do commercials for the big banks. Just years after the banks crashed the economy and then they're doing fun commercials like, hey, what's in your wallet? Not as much as, how are what's in yours? Have you been paying attention at all for what's going on? You really think that's a good idea? But it's just, you know, that's the culture now. Everyone's for sale, right? How did we get here? Journalists like to ask that right. Coming up next, how did we get a president Trump? Well, I don't know. Have you ever been watching a television show or a movie where a journalist appears as themselves, Wolf Blitzer suddenly on House of Cars playing Wolf Blitzer? I don't know. Wolf, how did we get here? Rachel Maddo playing Rachel Maddo. All of them. Brian Williams, Anderson Cooper. How did we get here? I don't know. Maybe because when you're interviewing Frank Underwood one minute and Donald Trump the next, we don't believe you anymore. You're not a journalist, you're an actor. Maybe that's the problem, wolf. Maybe that's how we got here. Maybe because your role on House of Cars means more to you than your role as the fourth estate in our democracy. Maybe that's how we got here. And by the way, I'm not criticizing their acting. Wolf Blitzer gave a very fine performance as Wolf Blitzer. Very, very convincing. It was nuanced. I believed entirely that he was a fake journalist with no integrity. Wonderful hair. Wonderful hair. But they're all cut from the same cloth, right? That's the culture now. Fame whores, just looking for money, looking for a higher profile. There's no difference between Kendall Jenner and Donald Trump. In the 90s, Donald Trump did Pizza Hut commercials. Pizza Hut. Do you know who owned Pizza Hut? Pepsi. We are about 20 years and a sex change operation away from President Ken Jenner. And I plan on voting for him because he's got a long track record with the peace and love movement. So it's the movements, everybody. It's the movements. We, the senior class of earth, are tasked. With doing what we can, you have to join the movement, see what's going on. Plug in, right? All the marches, the women's march, the climate march, the science march, the scientists are marching. That's how bad it's gotten. They don't even like going outdoors. They have shit to research. They should be inside. They have to give up a Saturday because the president doesn't believe in climate science. Things, it's a hoax. You know the way those scientists are always trying to pull a fast one on us. Oh, you rap scallion. Fool me once and then prove it over and over and over again. Have it reviewed by your peers until it's a fact. Oh, Trump is talking about immigrants and Muslims. I'm from New York City. Immigrants and Muslims. Oh, you mean the people who make our lives convenient and delicious? First of all, we're all immigrants. I'm not from earth. Are you? I have no idea how I got here. I don't know how long I'm allowed to stay. But I don't think I've ever had a meal in New York City that wasn't either prepared or delivered by an immigrant. Almost every cab in New York driven by a Muslim. For New Yorkers, a Muslim extremist is just someone who gets you there faster. They say, whoa, I think that light was red. That's a little extreme. I remember the week of Trump's inauguration. Do you remember that? The week of Trump's inauguration. It began if you remember on the Monday with MLK Day, and then it ended on Friday with Trump's inauguration. Struck me as odd bookends. MLK, a man who told us to judge people not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. And I don't know what's more disturbing, the color of Trump's skin, or the content of his character. Thank you so much, everybody. Have a great night. Thank you so much.
Oh, yes. Thank you for coming out in horrible weather for this. I appreciate it. It's a good time to be alive. Great time to be a man. Right? The bar is nice and low. It's nice. I was with a girl the other night. She said, I don't think we should have sex. I was like, oh, that's cool. And then she goes, wow, you're a great guy. I was like, that's all it takes. I'm pretty sure the alternative is a felony. I don't know if I'm a great guy, but I'll take it. I had a good mom growing up. Ever since I was a little kid, my mom would say, no means no. And she was talking about cookies, but I put it together. You know? I met a girl after a show in Florida. I'm not bragging, but I do pretty well in Tampa. She said, I'll drive you back to your hotel, but there's no way that I'm coming up stairs. I said, whatever you want to do is fine with me. So we're in the parking lot. We're making out. She said, all right, I'll come upstairs. But there is no way that you're getting laid. And I was like, am I being recorded right now? This feels like a Me Too sting operation. So very loudly into her chest, I said, that's totally cool. This is Samarral March 22, 2018. Time stamp. No, I like consent. Consent is this shit. Consent, that's the best part of the consent. Sometimes I get the consent. And then I just go home and I jack off instead. Get a good eight hours of sleep. My friends asked, did you get laid last night? I say no, but I got the consent. So pretty cool. Now I take the Me Too movement very seriously. I won't even watch office porn anymore. That's how you can laugh. It's a nice gesture. It is. I used to like office porn, but now I see it. And I'm like, he should not have done that. There should be a guy that comes out the end like, yeah, he doesn't work here anymore. That was crazy. There was this gay porn star who was reading about this guy. That's how I know this. And he, I do a lot of reading. And he got banned from all these porn sites because he has Nazi tattoos on his chest. Would you got to be kind of a scumbag for porn sites to be like, this doesn't really align with our values. We're kind of a family here at GangFuck.net. And we're disappointed. It was hard to me to come out tonight. It's not the weather. My neighbors are breaking up, and I didn't want to miss it. It sounds very painful for them, so I don't feel good about it. But have you ever heard a relationship unravel from the comfort of your own couch? It's kind of nice. I'll be watching the game. I hear the fight start, and I have to hit mute so I can listen. I was watching tennis, and I just overheard it go, oh, yeah. And I was like, click. She just yells out, you have a tiny dick. And I was like, cancel my plan. This is more important. And then he goes, oh, yeah, you're a fucking bitch. Now look, all right, so far she's winning, for sure. Not even close. And then she goes, oh, yeah, your dick is so small. So she's recycling material, but still a devastating blow. Not easy to come back from. And then he yells out, oh, yeah, well, you're pussy stinks. And I was like, all right, we got a match on our hands here. Yeah. And it's going back and forth so much. I don't want to start to sink up with a tennis match. Where it's like, tiny dick, stinky pussy, tiny dick, stinky pussy. So finally at the knock on the door, I said, hey, it's Sam from across the hall. Long time listen, her first time knock. You guys are killing it. I wore a little referee shirt. I said, both you should drop your pants. I'll settle this shit right now. Breakups, man, they're painful, right? They don't feel good. I got a text from my ex not too long ago. She just said, just out of the blue, she would just see, no, I'm seeing this new guy. And I wrote back, oh, wow, OK. And then she wrote, what? You didn't think I was ever going to date, ever again? And I said, no, I didn't remember signing up for the push notifications. You know, I'd like to hear less from you and the Huff Poe if possible. But neither of you will leave me be. You know the problem is we have sex at one more kid. But we need relationship, Ed. That's where you need the help. I don't need help with that up at a condom on it. I need help with what to do when she starts packing her shit. That's where I need the guidance. She's like, I don't love you anymore. And I'm like, cool. Coach Mitchell did not cover this part, but I could show you with a clitish. She's like, now it's not a good time. I got it. Keep me posted. I work condom every time you have to. It's not fun, but you got to do it. It's like doing volunteer work. Because during, I'm like this kind of sucks. But in afterwards, I'm only thinking, good for me. I do it for the kids. That's why. Got to work condom. It's not the best. But you know, lambskin. Anyone do a lambskin condom? Yeah, you do it? What do you think? You like it? It's so much better. It is. Yeah, no one else is just me and who are the only shepherds in the house tonight would happen. It is good. It feels better. Here's how you do it. If you don't know, you fucking a lambskin. And then you eat a gyro. And then you go out in a wool sweater. You got to use the entire animal. That's how you do it. I feel bad in relationships, because I'm very disappointing, you know? I really am. I think women are like, he's a comic. He'll be fun. I'm fun. There's other stuff. I'm like the Dominican Republic, you know? I'm grateful like five days. And then, then you're like, oh, this has some problems. I was not aware of. I'm not Haiti, but I'm in the vicinity of what that is. Weird time. And I feel for your women. Look, the Me Too stuff I get it. It's a very emotional issue. It's also a very important issue. It's a weird combo, though. You know, sometimes we'll see posted as a man. It doesn't fully resonate. I saw posted the other day. So there's nothing more feared than an intelligent woman. I was like, that's not true. It's not even in my top five. And I frayed an easily, but I've never been on the subway at 2 in the morning. I've been like, oh, no. This looks like a pack of allotic Torians right here. I'm just hoping I'm not soon to come out. So much has changed. It's kind of crazy. You think about it. I think about some of these movies from the 80s, these sex comedies, like Porquies or Vendor the Nurse. I love those movies. They always had that scummy best friend. You know, the guy I'm talking about, he always asked questions like, did you get laid last night? And we said, no, it'd be like, this guy blew it. I miss that character because it's going to be extinct. They're going to remake these movies. They're going to have to write in a woke best friend. Some guy like, did you smash last night? Nah, we just talked. And he's like, well, sometimes a conversation is equally fulfilling. So that's kind of cool. A lot's changed. Some of it's further better, obviously. I remember in college, not that long ago, they would say things like, don't go to that frat house. They roofie. That's a thing they would say out loud. And they'd be like, oh, my god, should we do something? They're like, no, just don't go there. That's it? I got roofied at a party in college by accident, but you know, it's still counts. It's obviously was an accident. No one at the party was like, I'm going to roofie that hairy boy over there. Let me fuck a past that werewolf tonight. That is male privilege right there, isn't it? I just told a room full of people. I got roofied. I did not see one concerned face in here. Everyone in here is like, I assume things worked out for you. And they did. Still weird, though. He's what happened. I was at a party and this guy handed a girl a drink. And she said, I'm too drunk. And I said, I'll drink it. And he gave me this hateful look. And I thought, why is this guy so mad at me? And then I chugged it and I woke up the next morning and I was like, oh, that guy's a sexual predator. And my friend said, you ruined his night. And I was like, that's not how I want to think about it. You don't want to think of yourself as a cop block to some monster. I prefer to think of myself as an accidental hero. I have negative one rapes. So, you know, statistically, you know, I can't. You guys. I can't take all the credit, you know? It's kind of like if I was driving drunk and I just swerved and accidentally hit a mugger. And some woman is like, my hero. And I'm like, if you say so, but I might have a substance abuse problem. So, it's hard not to drink, man. It's very hard. I work in a place where there's a bar every night. I've been trying to be good. It's very difficult. I wrote this article and said, try to replace drinking with another activity, like tennis with a friend. I was like, yeah, that's a very helpful example. That's always a crossroads. I find myself at a 457 a.m. I can't tell you how often I'm coming out of a blackout. Like, fuck, I should have done doubles instead. That's... I brought my Wilson racket and everything. You tell me to replace an addiction with cardio. That's very helpful. I'm going to start walking in halfway houses for the crackheads. Like, have you guys done Zoom, but it's so much better than crack? To like, thanks. We didn't know. That was helpful. Of course you want to get fucked up. Have you tried living? I'm happy and I want to get fucked up. Have you watched the news? It makes you want to drink. Another mass shooting after another mass shooting. It's always the same thing too. It's always some guy who's like, I heard voices in my head. We all do. Everyone hears voices in their head. Good people just don't listen to them. If I listened to all the voices in my head, I would be a sometimes gay street fighter. So... I know. It sounds like a confusing video game. It's not. Why is he haunt a butt-fucking-me? Wow. That's his finisher. Every mass shooter, it was a very quiet man. That should be part of the background check for guns, right? You want this gun. You better be fucking chatty. Whoa. Do my podcast. We'll see if you're an extrovert. I don't trust it. It's a sad time to live in. Well, they're school shootings now. It's horrible. Because now getting held back is a real threat. Yeah. Do you want to go to summer school, please? I've already done two tours of freshman year. I don't want to. Some of these jokes that content you're not going to like, but structurally, they're going to be really solid. So that's... That helps. It does help with it. Look. The... The... The shootings are so senseless and horrible that sometimes these anchors try to make sense of them on the news and they try to sound profound. It just comes out wrong. I was watching the sky after a shooting and he said, now would be a good time to be around people. I was like, yeah, that sounds a lot like where the tragedy happens. So I'm going to stay at home alone. And if I die, it's going to be from autorotic asphyxiation, OK? On my terms. That's a better way to act. That's all I want to go. Peacefully in my own hotel closet. That's a weird fetish, right? Autorotic asphyxiation. You got to choke yourself to calm. I don't know. How'd you even find out you were in a bed? Are you just jerking off in a turtle neck? You're like, hmm... I like what this is going. A little more pressure. I was just in California. They've a 10-day wait for the guns. That's a good rule. A gun should never be an impulse by. You should never be returning the gun. Like, we made up, so... You know what's weird? They always bring up the founding fathers. Every gun debate, they bring up the founding fathers, right? They would say the founding fathers had guns. They did. They also had wigs. It was a... It was a long time ago. That's how long ago it was. I thought a powdered wig was a good look, so... That's my stance on guns. You get a vagon, but I think you should have to wear the wig. Right? Because at least then... At least then I can tell who's dangerous from afar. I'm trying to get in my apartment at 2am, and I turn around and see a Ben Franklin look in another front. I just hope that's not an intelligent woman, honestly. That's not true. Yeah. Yeah. So you get to go in the hood. It's going to look like the cast of Hamilton. But... They always bring up the founding fathers. They never mentioned the fact these people had a life expectancy of the mid-30s, so it probably wasn't a big deal when they got shot. I would assume most funerals were like, look, he had three to five years left top, so... That's like getting shot now in your 80s, which would almost be kind of cool. How would you rather die connected to tubes for three months? Would you rather go out like a G? I want to die in my 80s and a gang related incident. I want my obituary to say, comedian Sam Morrell was shot dead today at the age of 87. His last words, Thug Life, as he emptied the clip. There's so much to be scared of, too, isn't there? In cells, there are new words you have to learn. In cells, the involuntary celibates, they don't get laid so they become terrorists, and they look a lot like me. It's very upsetting. But that's a certain type of person, because I have married friends that don't get laid. They even made the jump to ISIS, but maybe they should. ISIS lacks that type of diversity. They don't have enough divorce men. Just a bunch of dudes. Death to the infidel is a one guy like, also Karen. I mean, we got to kill Karen, too, right? You ever read the botched terrorist missions? Those are my favorites. The ones who couldn't cut it. There were these guys around 9-11. They were getting too drunk at strip clubs in Florida. I love the fact they can come to this country hating us, and then you go to a few strip clubs, and you're like, they're not that bad. It turned out to be a false report, though, because they said they were going to strip clubs and dive bars and even college parties. I was like, oh man, that's such a bummer. Because that's where you want to meet a terrorist, like a mixer. They're like, we used to be al Qaeda. Now we're Sigma-Kai. So the objective is still versions, but you know. LAUGHTER I think about it all the time. I think about all these scary ways you could die traveling. I read this story about a depressed pilot who knows Dova Plain and killed all these people on board. So that's got to be a bummer. You know what the first thing I say when I get on flights now is I say, what a lovely day it is to be alive. And I just, I hope that positive energy trickles its way into the cockpit. I'm like, yeah, it is good. Because I'll be on flights sometimes and the pilot comes on, he's cheesy and people roll their eyes. But that's what you want. That guy's still trying. What do you want to down in the dumps, Captain? Hey, this is your pilot. It's going to be a bumpy ride. But you know, that's life. It's hard. So... Says it's going to be a six hour trip. We're going to land way sooner than that. So... Buckle up or don't. It doesn't matter. I'm going to murder you. Thanks for flying spirit. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Depression, man. The depression is real. It really is. I... Someone sent me a very helpful article in depression recently. It said, uh... It said, these are the foods you got to eat. If you're depressed, which thank God, that's... If you're at that point, just end it. Honestly. Is that... Has that ever turned it around for anyone? I was going to jump off a roof, but then I ate some dried mangoes. And... I'm feeling good. They find your corpse on the sidewalk. I don't understand. He ate so many cashews. Why would he... I'm not built for air travel. I'm sick three. I'm lanky. I'm kind of weak, you know. I got a middle seat on my way back from LA recently. I get up to use the bathroom. I come back. The guy in the Iowa's sleeping, which is very annoying, because she knew I was coming back. There's no skydiving option on board. Okay, I had to return. And now I have to make the decision, do I wake him up and piss him off? Or do I mount? I think I'm more flexible than I am, so I elected to mount. And I have just horrible lateral balance. I did not stick the landing. My leg comes down on his leg. I'm on top of the guy. As I'm on top, I see his little sleeping mask come up. What do you do, you know? I kiss him on the mouth. That's what I do. There was nothing sexual about it. There was a Godfather too afraid, okay? I said, I knew it was you. Mostly because you were sitting here before, but... No, I'm not built for this travel type lifestyle. It's not working for me. I had to see a sports medicine doctor about my back. And he gave me muscle relaxers. I said, hey, can I drink on these? And he said, absolutely. I was like, are you sure? And he said, I do. And I was like, that wasn't the question. And he said, are you sure it's not going to mess my liver up? He said, it'll fuck it up real bad. They're all right. He's not my doctor anymore. But we do hang out. He's cool. This guy texts me all the time. He texts me the other day, you know, what the fuck is up? And I was like, what medical school did you go to? I'm going to guess the Cayman Islands, you know? He tells me to swim at the rec center because of my back. I love it. I love the rec center. I don't know if we've ever been there as a Jew. It's fantastic. It's just old Jews and Japanese men. If you had it bad during World War II, this is your spot. Okay? Fantastic. Every time I go swimming, there's a morbidly obese woman on a noodle. She's just floating horizontally across the lab lanes. And we just swim around her like she's not there. Part of the rec center code. And I can tell when there's a new guy because he looks confused and I say, that's Kathy. I go right, you go left who developed a system. Then on the wall, it says rule number one, no swimming with diarrhea, which I'm like, all right. I agree. I kind of wish it weren't rule number one. I don't know who that rule is for. The most motivated human who's ever lived. Some guy at home like, oh, I'm still going. But... Rule number two, most weight two weeks after having diarrhea to swim in the pool and I was like, all right, right out of the gate, mostly diarrhea related rules. You know, clearly there's an incident that we're dancing around here. You know you didn't pick a first-rate exercise facility when all the rules were like, could you not? Should've done our stuff, it's been a problem. I love this place. Everything about it's off. I went to the bathroom. I knocked on the door and the guy in the bathroom yells out, who weighs it. That's not what you're supposed to say. You're supposed to say I'm in here. You're not supposed to be expecting company in the men's rec room bathroom. But I figured I'd give it a shot so I said it's Sam and he goes, no. No. There was a right answer. You're going to hate this next show, but I'm going to do it anyway. This is how bad my back was. I read a headline in the paper that said, Graveyard Worker had sex with over 100 dead bodies. And my first thought was, that there's a lot of digging. You know? I know that's a horrible person, but that's also an unattainable fitness goal for me. And I would kill for that core strength. How much true crime is there going to be? Are you guys watching this like me? It's so addictive, yeah. Give it up for all these murderers, for all this great content. You keep killing, we'll keep watching. That's what I say. I don't want to point fingers here, but you women are getting murdered at an alarming rate. I don't know if you're paying attention. I would recommend never going home with us ever. If a woman goes home with you, she really trusts you or she's taking a chance, you know? So whenever I open the door, I always turn her and I say, hey, thanks for rolling the dice, you know? I appreciate it. That's all I watch is murder and stand up. I've been doing this for a while. I see comics sometimes on Netflix. I'm like, this guy fucking stinks. I wonder if murderers watch true crime. Like, this is pretty disappointing. I'm sorry. Three murders in five years. I should be the one on television. We all do it. We're getting desensitized. You ever just watch four straight episodes of the Law and Order SVU and it hits you? Like, that was probably too much rape for a Sunday. I don't know. I'm not even paying attention. I'm folding laundry and I'm thinking, when did this become background noise in my life? I should not be consuming SVU like it's smooth jazz, you know? The darkest plots you've ever seen. I'm watching when the mouse pushed a baby in the stroller. She turned around for a second and turns back around. The baby's gone. That's not even bad parenting. That's incredibly efficient kidnapping, by the way. You got to give credit where credits do, because she was crying. I'm a horrible mother and I was like, no, you went into one of the greats. That was... That was like the Steph Curry of abduction. That was pretty flawless. See it on these dating sites too? I read this article and said that you got to be careful on dating apps now because there are these gangs all post pictures of really hot women and then you show up on the day and they just rob and beat the shiret at you. That's got to be a bummer. You guys had already sucks when it doesn't look like the picture. That's got to suck actually. You show up for your date at 2am at the bridge and eight dudes are walking toward you and you're like, Kathleen. I was at an Uber right after a break up. You ever just overshare with the driver? He said, how are you? He said, I had this break up. He said, let me tell you some shit about breakups. In the second he said that I thought, I might have fucked up. He said, you know what I did with my girlfriend left? And I said, what? He said, I fucked everyone. You think that helped? And I said, now, and he said, it did. All right. He said, you know what else I did? I called her up. I told her all about it. You think that helped? And I said, God, now, and he said, it did. And I said, I'm going to stop guessing because you're very unpredictable. Went on for 20 more minutes. I finally got out of the car. I was like, do you think that was helpful for me at all? And he said, probably not. And I said, it was. APPLAUSE One of the hard things about dating now is a lot of younger people are meaner. They're very mean. That's how they flirt. I think it's called Negine. I was talking to her after a show. My poster was up and she goes, why are you looking really ugly in that picture? I said, oh, that's not very nice. And she goes, you're a comedian. I said, yeah, I'm also a human being. So I enjoy pleasant conversations as well. And I was wearing a striped sweater. So she goes, nice sweater to wear it on purpose. Or did you just escape a prison? LAUGHTER She said, prison. Which kind of bugged me. I was like, I feel like you don't know a lot about prison. LAUGHTER I said, I'd like to escape this conversation. She said, that's all you got. And I said, I have to be meaner to you to communicate. She said, hit me with your best shot. Mr. comedian, I said, rather not. She said, come on. So I said, all right, you're very pretty. And I'm very lonely. And I would still rather masturbate than pursue this. LAUGHTER Oh, yeah. So we're back in my place. And you know, yeah, it works. Negan works. I'll tell you, it really does. I was making an hour there. And they hit me. I don't even like this person. I'm thinking, what am I doing? I'm making an hour there. I said, maybe we should stop. And she was, what, you're rejecting me? And I said, I don't think there's a good idea. And she said, I'm really turned on. Now they were saying, no, to me. And I said, you seem like a pretty unhealthy person. She said, no one's ever rejected me. This is the most turned on I've ever been. And I said, well, then you're going to be super hot for this uber I just called you. OK. Hopefully get the guy I got. He loves to fuck. LAUGHTER I went on a date with the girl. She told me her last boy from her 60, which I thought was kind of shocking. I said, that's a pretty big age gap. She said, let me tell you something. There's no difference from a 30-year-old dick and a 60-year-old dick. And I said, I haven't done the research, but I feel like there is. I'm going to go with temperament. I think that's the difference. A young dick is like an intern, up at the crack of dawn, overeager, down for whatever. An old dick is like a CEO. He's like, this better be important. OK? I don't have a lot of time. So we're on the date. We're making out in the bar. She starts going underneath my pants. She just looks me dead and they're high. It goes, why aren't you erect? I was like, erect. What are you? Who talks like that? I'll tell you why, because we're kissing. I'm not 14. Have you seen the shit that's out there? You want to get me hard? Tell me your dental assistant. Your husband's coming home in five minutes. I'm going to talk. You know? I watch too much porn. So I do. I'm aware of it. You notice it while you're having sex sometimes. We're having sex and it was good. And while we're doing that, I just said, I will eat your butt. And she said, you don't have to do that. And I was like, thank you. I overextended myself. Thanks for catching that one in realness back. And you know? This porn is just not good. It's all these dark topics. I saw a taboo link on a porn site, so I clicked on it. And it was in Cess porn. I was like, all right, you call my bluff. That is taboo. Then the next one was interracial. And I was like, they should divide these up a little better. I don't know. What kind of racist porn site? Every porn category is just shit you should never do. Like fuck your best friend's mom. It's rude. Blackmail your boss. It's a place of business. It's criminal. We need some positive porn categories to rewire us. We need categories like a couple that's been together for a while. Fucks after autism benefit. You'd be like, all right, well, I'm not glad I jerked off at 2 p.m. But they raised a lot of money for those kids. Instead of the money shot, just a link that says donate now. This side of the room is really fucking into that joke, huh? And this side of the room is Christian. They were raised well. I don't know, man. I'm happy I'm doing this in New York, you know? Because I've been on the road a lot. No, it's not. Not. Pander. So, no, I'm useless on the road. I can't drive. I can drive. But if you weren't a car with me, be like, pull over. I'm going to drive. It's not good. I'm bad and reckless. That's a bad combo. You ever get cut off by a reckless driver than you catch up with him? You got to see what they look like. It doesn't matter what race or gender. Every time I see what they look like, I'm always like, I fucking know it. Could just be a white guy in my classic. This is a classic white motherfucker. Takes what he wants, contributes nothing to society. I'm only going to do the example for white people. But, you know, you know, don't you get uneasy? I heard a guy yell at a cab driver the other day, he said, learn the goddamn language. Or is that some messed up, right? And guess what? Nice when they don't know the language, right? You ever call a car to the airport at 5am and you get a little Korean guy? I'm like, oh, this might be a nice quiet ride. And you get in the highway and he's like, weather is weird. You're like, fog. This jack-off learned the language. I'm a yellow cab, man. I don't like lift or Uber. I'm something I think. You know why? Because you rate them. They rate you. You're both on your best behavior. It feels like a first date. Even the way they pick you up feels like a blind day, right? They're like, are you Sam? And I'm like, yes. I like a yellow cab. It feels like a marriage. Neither of you are trying at all. The second you get in, he's mid-conversation on speakerphone. I'm in the backseat eating Caribbean street food. We're both hammered, you know? No one's putting on airs. You ask him, hey, can you drop me right in front of my apartment? And he's like, nah, I respect that. Good for you. Hold it in your ground there. I did nothing all day, man. I did nothing. I watched the news. I saw an anti-smoking ad. It's weird that they can do anti-smoking ads, but you can't do pro-sigarette commercials. Isn't that weird? They don't give them a rebuttal. And I'm not like a big cigarette guy, but I like when I'm drunk. Sometimes it's nice. I thought of a good pro-sigarette commercial. How about this for a casual smoker? A hot girl walks up to a guy in the bar and asks the bum a cigarette and he goes, oh, I don't smoke. So then she goes outside and bumps them from another guy and they go home together and they fuck, and that's the whole commercial. Then the end of just says, wouldn't kill you to carry a pack, you know? Malbrough, just in case. All right, I got some momentum. Let's break out the abortion jokes. So if there was ever a time, my friend just had one of her boyfriend and contribute to the cost that I thought was not cool, you know? She's going through, yeah, that's not a very noble stance, I don't think. That is how low the bar is. I'm like, guy should pay a little bit for the abortion. A woman like, he's a hero. He really is. No, even the most pro-life person I talk to was like, wow, chivalry is dead. That was the baby's name, chivalry. And, you know, dead. I'm just saying, that one's not for everybody that you have. I did that joke the other night and somebody yelled out, boo. I thought it was a baby's ghost, but, you know, I'm just, I'm just saying there's still gentlemen. If I knock you up in a knee and abortion, it's on the house. I'll fill my Delta Sky Miles card right on the counter. Are you sure, Sam? I got this. With all the rewards and benefits a Delta has to offer, I'd be a fool to do otherwise. I'm two to three abortions away from Diamond Medallion status. So, I'm losing some of you, but I'm going to take it a step further here. I think you should get extra Sky Miles points with an abortion, because that's one less crime baby on board, you know? That's, yeah. I don't... Me personally, I don't like doing that part of the joke, but I have a sponsorship deal with Delta. And, you know, it's... They get very upset when I leave it out. They docked me Biscoph cookies. Love those cookies. I was talking to a guy after a show. He told me there's going to be an anti-abortion parade, which I think he meant to say March, you know? I don't think there's going to be a parade, but if there is, I'll be there. I want to see what the floats look like. That one looks unfinished. That's what we're going for. Back to back abortion joke. They got greedy, guys. I did. I got a little greedy. APPLAUSE I'm a pretty liberal guy, but some of my friends now are so liberal that everything turns into slavery or the Holocaust and every conversation. You know what I'm talking about? I'm talking to my friend the other day, and he goes, Trump is Hitler. I said, all right, look. We don't know how hilarious Hitler would have been on social media. That's not fair. Hitler might have had a strong Twitter presence. Trapped in bunker. Sad. Adolf's trending. I came across this article the other day in the internet just had fun facts about Hitler, which I think is a great title. I've always said there aren't enough upbeat pieces on the fear. Fun fact about Hitler didn't pay income tax. We're very bad at managing his money, and I thought, man, it's too bad there wasn't a group of people that could help. You know? That's... Jews. So... That's... You know that joke did not hit Naples, Florida, OK? Terrible people. My least favorite city. I'll never go back. I bombed four straight nights. I got to an argument with an 80-something-year-old man I had a breakdown on the last show. I finally just said, I gotta get out of Naples and he goes, well, you're still here. I said, well, be out in the morning. You'll be in a casket soon. And he said, you'll have to put me there and I said, that's not how time works. And... It kept escalating back and forth. Finally, I hear a voice in the crowd yell out, grandpa, enough. That's Naples to me. My dad called me to check in. He said, how are you? I said, I'm in fucking Naples. And my dad goes, Italy and I was like, oh, no. These jokes are not taking me abroad, pops. I'm in Florida. The bad part. True story. I'm on stage there. I just... As I start to a bit, I go, so I'm in New York Jew and some of the crowd goes, ugh, no. Not a yes or no question. It's my heritage. Also, ugh, that's our sound. That's cultural appropriation, okay? Not all gigs are this fun, man. I think my mom worries about my career choice. Sometimes it'll be a bad gig. I do casino sometimes with the worst gigs ever. You know, they pay pretty well, but they're soul crushing. You just watch it, people stand up one by one and exit throughout the show. Some by Scooter, it's very jarring. But, uh... And the casino's not even mad because they want these people pissing away their money on the gambling floor. You know, so I go to apologize to management and they're like, no, you're doing a great job, man. You should bust out the abortion jokes earlier tomorrow night, because those went horribly. But I think she worries. My mom worries a lot. I was with her the other day on the street. We saw a dead bird and I said, ew, dead pigeon. My mom goes, don't touch it. I was like, what do you think happens when you're not around? You think I'm just walking around? Let me grab this shit right here. Oh, yeah. Lunch meat. I don't blame my mom for worrying. You know, I still get in trouble. I got assaulted in Burlington, Vermont earlier this year, which is not where your thing is going to happen. A lot of open-toed sandals, everyone's high. I thought it was safe, honestly, but they seem like nice people. Bernie even seems like a nice guy. I like Bernie Sanders, you know why? Because he debates the way I've argued with every woman and every relationship. I know it on a chance. I just want to get my ideas out there, you know? So I'm in Vermont and I'm out after the show. I'm having a couple beers with some comics where to bar two blocks from the venue. Some guy walks up to me. I can tell something's off about him. And he just looks at me and he goes, University of Vermont. And I said, no. And he goes, master's degree and I said, you're getting colder. And he said, I want to beat the shit out of all of you. But he's only looking at me. Yeah. And I looked him up and down, like, ah, he's bluffing. So I turn around. As I turn around, he grabs my shoulder, takes a pint glass, and smashes it over my head. And I thought, I poorly read that situation. He was not bluffing. So he runs out. They call the cops. And the first thing I say after he hangs up with the cops is I yell to the bar, you all heard him call me Jew boy before he did it. And they said, I didn't hear that. And I said, I did. And a Justice Millett tail is born. So they put him in the back seat. The cops get him very quickly. He wasn't getting far on foot. He's in the back seat of the car. The cops are examining to see how bad my injury is. They're taking glass out of my hair. And the cop asked, did he smash a pint glass on your head? And I said, it could have been a pint glass. It could have been a menorah. It happened very quickly. OK? And the cop asked, do you see Spinning? I said, like a dreidel. It's pretty rough. You know? Then finally I had to admit it wasn't a hate crime. And they took the guy away. And the bar manager turned me and he said, just see, no, this never happens here. And I was like, yeah, I figured. That'd be pretty weird if you were like, that was Scott. So Scott does that. I've unfortunately had a bad string of luck on the road. Some of it's my fault. That eight years ago I was drinking too much. I was a young comic on the road. I was in Seattle. I was hitting on a girl after the show. Every 30 seconds, a friend went lean in and go, not interested. Every 30 seconds, she could do a bit better than you. It would get progressively meaner. One point she goes, you're very unattractive. And I was a drunk kid. I just said, get some more Botox you lizard. I'm deeply ashamed of myself for saying that. And it's completely inappropriate. Although if you were there, you'd have been like, you nailed it, totally. But she seemed furious. I couldn't tell by her face, but she seemed very upset. Me and my friend were laughing. That's her laughing. I get popped in the face by her boyfriend. I deserved it. She was a lizard, but she was his lizard. And I thought it was cool that they stuck together, you know? But this was foreshadowing. A month later, I'm in Cleveland horrible time to be in Cleveland. It was when LeBron left the first time. OK, yeah, exactly. I don't know if you guys remember, but they did not take it well. And they made the mistake of having their whole economic plan at the time be LeBron. And that's it. So it was rough. And I love Cleveland. I've always had good times there. I like the people. It felt like the whole city got thumbed, because it was Valentine's Day, too. It was just a weird vibe. And I met this hot order woman after the show, and we hit it off. But she's there with a guy friend who's just a friend, but it's Valentine's Day. There's that weird energy in the air. He's kind of going for, I'm going for, and he's buying me drinks that keep an eye on me. And I'm accepting the drinks, because I lack character. So he gets up to go to the bathroom. And I asked her, do you want to get out of here? And she said, yeah, let's ditch him. This is how stupid I am. I take her to the bar next door. That's my getaway plan. I was like seven feet to the left. We got this. So we're doing shots. We're making out at the very romantic night. And I'm glad some people left of that. I can tell him in a shitty city when that doesn't get laughs at all. When people like, that's a very romantic night out. That's dry, humping, and the agar shots. That's how we did our 40th anniversary. So I finally said, hey, do you want to leave? And she said, I want to go back to your hotel. And I said, all right, then. So we go outside, the dude is standing right there. And I was like, oh, no. He goes, so there you guys are. What the fuck do you think you're going? And I said, oh, we're going to go back to my hotel. And he goes, oh, yeah, you're just going to fuck her and then fly back to New York. And I said, honestly, yes, that was the game plan. I was going to pitch it quite differently. I was going to say something romantic, like, shall we make love before my expedition or something else? I was going to liven it up a little. He gets closer and he goes, you want to fuck her. You got to fight me first. And that's the first time I noticed he was missing teeth. And I was like, oh, no. He's been down the shrill before. And I'm not going to fight him. So I've never had sex with anyone. I've been like, that was better than teeth. Never. After every one night standing, like, man, it's cool I could still eat apples after this. This is great. I run down to the hotel lobby. I grab me a Macintosh. I go about my day. So I said, hey, I'm not going to fight you. And he said, that's what I thought pussy. Come here, babe. It doesn't say a word to me. Just calls her over. She goes with him. They could leave a weird arrangement of some sort. They start walking away. As they walk away, there's a guy behind me and a white sweatshirt, matching white sweatpants. Very underdressed for Cleveland February. He's not quite sitting. He's not quite standing. He's almost perched. And as they walk away, he loudly says, I wasn't going to let anything happen to you. Uh, who are you? He walks over and he goes, I police this part of town. I said, you're a policeman? He's not. This man is obviously not with law enforcement of any kind. So I asked you work for the bar. He said, no. And I said, are you a vigilante of some sort? And he said, yeah. And he's in white. So I said, what's your superhero name? The snowflake. And he said, I go by the white night. And I'm just drunk enough to be like, hell, yeah. That's all I took. I'm like, this guy's legit. He's got a name. So we started chatting. I'm kind of baffled. I asked him, you just wait outside and break up fights. And he said, I protect downtown Cleveland. He said, haven't you been heard? He said, I've been stabbed twice. I was like, dude, why do you do this? He's like, fucking love Cleveland. That's why. And it's kind of touching, honestly. He's crazy, but he's loyal. They lost LeBron. They got this guy. It's a horrible train. Don't get me wrong. But this is what loyalty looks like. It's not always pretty. So we start taking a walk. I'm taking a little stroll with the white night. And we passed a comedy club. And my postures in the door and he said, you're a comedian. I said, yeah, I said, I can never do what you do. And I said, I could never do what you do. Either it's illegal and strange and quite alarming to be friends. So there's a real mutual admiration going on. You could say, and we start chatting for a while about life and love. You know, at one point he asked me, why don't you have a girlfriend on Valentine's Day? And I said, probably my life choices in my career. And he said, me too. And I said, we're not so different you and I white night. So we walked him back to the hotel. And he said, he's coming to my show tomorrow night. And I said, great. So I'll see you then. We exchange information as you do with vigilantes. And I wake up the next morning, head pound. Do you think it did that even happen? But of course it did. You don't daydream the white night. First email I see just as subject heading white night. And I thought, I think it's him. I don't know that many white nights. It's at Sam. It was such a pleasure to meet you last night. Unfortunately, something came up and I'm unable to attend your show this evening. Sincerely, your new friend and fan the white night in parentheses Joshua. That made me very happy. Jews are very underrepresented as superheroes. He's our black Panther. So I email him back. It bounces back. I email him again. It bounces back to the point that my disguise created a fake email account to contact me and then just disappear. It's very, it's like in Batman when he's talking to Commissioner Gordon and he turns away for a second turns back in Batman's gone. But you see the wind moving. He did that to me via email. It was always in the back of my head. Years go by. I never hear from it. But I always thought about it because I've had weird drunk nights. But this one's particularly strange. So it must have been six years later, I get an email out of the blue. Different email address, but it still says subject heading white night. And I thought, it's probably him. I don't have a large white night role index. So all I said was, saw you on Conan, funny shit, white night. And I wrote back, hell yeah, dude, you're still at the white nighting. I'm still doing comedy. We're both still in the game. And he wrote back, oh no, I no longer engage in white nighting. I now have a wife and a little boy. And we reside in the suburbs of Cleveland. And I was like this traitorous mother fucker. And then he wrote, how were you? And I said, I'm in fucking Naples. And he wrote back Italy. And I was like, yeah. Thank you so much for coming out guys. It's been amazing. I appreciate very much. All right. Thank you so much. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back.
Let's meet, let's all greet the Europeanrium, Philip's support, not Vanity, but Vanity Rock, Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you for coming out here. OK. OK. All right. OK, I didn't cure anything. Jeez, Christ. Look at the lifetime achievement award out here. I have been on the road for the last five months. I don't know, man. I just really think in the worst of people. Really, you see some of the animals. Some of the animals I see. Like, I was in the airport the other day, right? I'm sitting there waiting for my flight, just hating my life. And watching this lady, she's eating egg-mock muffins, like plural. And it just threw three of them right down to the front, like a pelican, just like right down to a pellet. And when she was done, she wiped her face with the bag. With the bag. It's not even like a gentleman. Like, no, I'll just do the car. I'll just do the car. She just got a straight razor shave. That absolute animal. I saw this other dude. He was so out of shape. He was trying to itch his back, and he couldn't reach it. So he walked up to a support pole that was holding up an entire floor of the airport, and just walks up, and he just starts like robbing up against it. Like a grizzly bear. Just sit there. Just a fucking animal. Dude, I am so pro-swine-flu. It's like ridiculous. I want it. We need a plague. I'm telling you, we need a plague. It's got to happen. Don't be afraid. It's only going to kill the weak. There is a piranha sweater. Take some vitamins. You've got to be fine. You've got to let modern nature do a thing, man. She keeps trying to help us out, and we won't let her do it. She keeps trying to thin the herm every single time. I'm like, oh, good job to get your vaccination. Why? Why? So Egg McMuffin lady can breed with the back fat guy. You know? It's got to happen. You've got to let it do it. Seriously, plague, it's like nature's forest fire. Just let it burn out all the deadwood. Ah, I swear to God. We're the only species that saves the weak. We barely have lions though, do that shit. You know, lion gets a little thorn in his paw, and everybody says, oh, it's a champion intervention. Are you feeling it? Is everything all right? You need some tennis sewing? And it's like, fuck them. That's why there's no traffic on the siren getting. Not about your lions just standing there and griddling. But the fuck is going on up there? Dude, go, just fucking go. Our lady, you get up there, there's some hyena looking at his balls. Like, oh, that was a big holster, right? Like, you never saw that before. Oh, my old maid, slow down and look at it. So I got a girlfriend, man. I watch a lot of TV with her. I just annoy the hell out of her. She loves watching the Oprah Winfrey show. And I love watching her watch the Oprah Winfrey show. And I wait for Oprah to say something stupid. In the second she does, I just take it out of my girl because I'm an asshole. That's what I do. No, we're watching it the other day. Oprah's on there. She's interviewing some client. And she's giving her this big ridiculous intro. Like, she's done this. She's done that. She's done this. And she does the most difficult job on the planet. She's the mother and continues on it. Immediately, I just took out my girlfriend. Like, really? Being a mother is the most difficult job on the planet. Oh, yeah, all those mothers who die every year from black lung, from inhaling, all that cold dust. The women are just constantly patting themselves on the back about how difficult their lives are and no one corrects them because they want to fuck them. That's what it is. So there's just this tornado of like misinformation. They're in about difficult job on the planet. What would you rather be doing? Drilling to the center of the earth, shaking hands with the devil. Every time there's a rumble in the ground, you wait for the whole thing to collapse down on top of you. So they get right that folk song about you. You know, would you rather be up in the sunshine, running around with a couple of toddlers that you can send to bed anytime you want as some sort of trumped up charges? Right? Because you want to have a drink and watch the prices, right? You know what I mean? I couldn't believe it. It's a no difficult job on the planet. Oh, yeah. I thought roofing in the middle of July is a red hen. I thought that that was the problem. But these mothers are bending over at the ways putting DVDs into DVD players. I don't know how they do it. I don't know how they do it. Dude, any job that you can do in your pajamas is not a difficult job. All right? Get ready. There's question. 35 years old playing high and ghost sake, you live in the dream. You live in the dream. No time card, no taxes. You're off the fucking grid. I think it's possible stick houses. I mean, I'm in a difficult job on the planet. Oprah's not even a mother. How the fuck would you know? I'm believing it. I'm believing it. Brandon neither am I. But I think it kind of balances itself out. I don't know. I'm so full of shit. I really, I really realize that about myself. I mean, that's one thing about getting old. You just really how full of shit you are. You know, people ask you a question. You just start answering them. You know, get to that point. You're just watching the shit coming out of your mouth. I'm like, whoa, whoa. People sitting there listening, taking notes. Yeah. It's like I've flunked everything in high school. Why would you listen to me? You know, you know? It's having lunch with this girl the other day, right? I'm in a little lunch. She looked across the table for me and she goes, this is going to seem oddly racist. And I was like, all right, this is going to be awesome. 41 years old, never heard a conversation. You started this way. Let's have a big, let's see what you got. She's just like, there are a lot of Asians in this restaurant. Like, that's not racist. That's an observation. There are a lot of Asians in this restaurant. However, if you want to say, what the fuck are all these fucking Asians doing? This goddamn restaurant. Now that would seem oddly racist. But you still haven't said anything bad about Asians. But you definitely seem to have a problem with them being in the restaurant, which is odd. That's odd because I've never heard any bad stereotypes about Asians in restaurants. You know what I mean? Like, dude, they come in. They're taking up all the tables. You know, just being all Asian. What do you hear? You all hear it was about that driving, right? And even that one's bullshit. It's not that they suck. There's no happy medium. You know? See the Tokyo drift 90 miles an hour driving sideways, parallel parking, and break dancing into the club. All right? Like, Jesus Christ, is that guy from the future? How does one man possess all of that talent? Oh, they just stop it in an intersection. Yeah. They don't even get mad. They don't even get mad. Like, I know I suck. I don't know what it is. It's like, it's boring. It's almost like it's so simple. I just start daydreaming and I don't. I don't know. I find a lot of that racial stuff like fascinating. You know, like the different rules of like, who gets in trouble, who doesn't? Like, I've noticed black people have the genius to put the curse word after they say the race of the person. We're white dudes. We always put it in front. And if we would just make that little adjustment, we could save so many careers. So many jobs could be saved in the white community if we would just put it after. You never noticed that in conversation here, Black Heavy. You're like, man, I was standing in his age and my fucking came in. He starts talking about, you don't even hear it. You just sit there all. What did this Asian mom fucking do? I would love to hear the rest of this story, right? Dude, I would tell the exact same story. I'm standing there, right? This fucking Asian come to it, right? Everybody thought, I go, hey, easy, easy, easy. What year is it, you know? It's like, dude, I just said what he said. I just preempted the fuck. That's all I think. He suggested he's hooking up with people's mothers. I'm not even doing that. I got it out of the way. I got it out of the way. It's just how I talk. This fucking guy came in. This is fucking Asian. Dude, you wearing sandals? Jesus Christ. Oh my God, sandals, but... Middle of December. Yeah, fuck it. You want to lose people? Man, my feet don't get cold. Man, I'm getting cold. You know what I'm saying? I want guy big ski parker in shorts. Man, my leg, my leg don't get cold. Legs don't get cold. That's like his only hope of hooking up with somebody. Like, maybe that's interesting to mate with. Now, make a strong baby. His legs don't get cold. I don't know what it is. Plenty of blood for the organs. That ain't nothing to do with you. They had to do with me being on the road for four months. That's all it is. I love this city, man. This is one of my favorite cities to come out to, man. I really do. I like it. You know what? I ain't got enough, there's nothing weirdos here. These... Look at all that like, you know, there's enough mom and pop sort of independent run stores. That's a big thing with me. Like, when I go on the road, like, I can't, you know, I can't do these chains anymore. You know, I just can't... You know what I'm pressing in is to go to a town and see like another... Just horde of fat people stumbling. I don't like a cheesecake factory. You know? Oh, they're horrific. Just pressing their face up against the glass. Man, I put cookies in that one, you know. It's like they're inventing ways to get extra fat, you know? You know what I like? You know what I hate about these, these corporate chains? You go in there. You're paying for a business. They make you like, do half the job now. I don't get it. Like, I walk in. And let me get a turkey sandwich. Let us tomato on rye with mayonnaise. The guy behind the counter is like, oh, a turkey sandwich. Let us tomato on rye. Yeah, and mayonnaise. Oh, the mayonnaise is, uh, it's right over there. Really? Why don't you, uh, fucking go over there. Put it on my sandwich. You get it? I'm on this side of the register. The guy who orders the sandwich, the guy who fucking makes the sandwich. You get it? I'm sorry they fired the mayonnaise guy, but I'm not doing it. I just gave you 100% of the money to make 100% of the sandwich. This isn't like a relay race. You make half the sandwich, then you hand it up to me. I run over right through a pickle on it, frisbee don't know my mom. She sticks in all of it with a toothpick in it. Do you recognize me? It's like, I don't fucking work here. All right? Make the sandwich. I'm out. I'm out. I gave you the money. I'm out. It's over. Let's see end of my part. No, I asked the guy for a drink. He gave me a cup. I finally go, you know what? Let me just get this whole thing to go. Oh my god. It's like, right, the turquilids, they're right over there. You just snap the lid on top. I just want to grab this guy if I just told him, Burr is it. Burr is it. Where's hell? The guy making me do all this extra shit. Where is it? I just choked my way up that corporate ladder. So like get to that eyes wide, shut party, and everybody's sitting there getting blown. I... Like come, I just kicked the door open. The second I see my angry face in that lid, I have to explain myself. Just put it over somebody's face and just starts... I'll pick you fucking y'all gotta be. Oh, that's the thing, it's like never enough. It's never enough for those guys. You know what I can't stand now? It's when you, uh... Just get that out of the way for the taping. And I have that here for taping. I cannot have a bottle cap. Let me put that down there. What if I slip and felt 17 minutes into my set? Then what happens? Huh? All goes off the rails. Now it's not a special. No, you know what I like? It was when you go into these places, right? Even when they're getting your money. Like, that's not enough for them. They want to suck more information out of you. What about toiletries the other day? They ask me for like my phone number. I'm bringing it up again. Can we have your phone number? No! Well, Siri, we're not going to do anything with this. Really? You're just collecting numbers just for the fuck up it? You idiot. No, you can't have my phone number. Then they get like all freaked out, right? Well, sir, I have to put something in. If I don't, if I don't input something in, I can't get to the next, what do I do? Well, fucking lean on the keyboard sweetheart. I don't know what to tell you. Stick your finger on the one. There you go. That's my phone number. What do you guys think? It's very nice. That's it. Live in area code 1, 2, 3. Very exclusive neighborhood. Oh, it's a worst. Yeah, our little savey save, fucky fuck card. No, no, I know. Would you like one? No, I wouldn't. Well, why not? Because you're up to something. I don't know what you're up to, but I know you don't want to make less money, right? Stop fucking with me. Just bring this up and let me get all of it by life. Evidently, what you're doing is you're giving them a free survey on what products you can't live without, so they can jack the price of that up under the guys and give me like a nickel off of like bootleg fruit loops. That's basically it. I read it on the internet. It's got to be true, right? It's got to be true. No, I try to read. I can't. It makes me sleepy. It doesn't sound real. I can watch like 18 hours of TV, you know, one murder mystery after another, you know? Be on YouTube all night long. Spend four hours the other night just watching people get bit by poison and snakes. You know, just having the time of my life. That's what you get, you dumb bitch. Just screaming at my computer. They know what a minute. Just felt put just to get it out. They get me a book. I just can't do it. I get like halfway down. I just start not enough. I don't know. You want the worst things out of those automated machines. You guys have those out here. Those automated checkout machines. You know, unbelievable. I couldn't believe it. The first time I walked into a supermarket, I saw that. I think this is ridiculous. Here it is. I thought it was a comedian. Evidently, I also work in a grocery store. Holy shit, I can't believe it. I forgot my apron. I'm going to go to the grocery store. I'm going to go to the grocery store. I'm going to go to the grocery store. I'm going to go to the grocery store. I'm going to go to the grocery store. Holy shit, I can't believe it. I forgot my apron. God dammit. Was I working tonight? I just got to check the schedule. Dude, do you realize the balls of that? The balls of that? Yeah, I'm going to have a store. You come in, you pick up what you want. You bring it up. You bring it up. You pay me. You put it in a bag. You get the fuck out of my store. Alright. Let's go, people. Step it up. I'm trying to run a business here. Dude, if that is the future. If there is going to be no employees at a grocery store, employees at a grocery store, I'm never paying for food again. I'll be hooking up my friends, like rolling hands out the front door. I want to steal now, I just don't have the nerve. I just want to fill up a whole grocery cart full of food, right? Just walk up to one of those automated machines. You count five, Mississippi. Guess they don't want to get paid. They just start walking out. That one's security shows up, you just blanked out. I'm like, whoa, I didn't know. Sir, you have to bring that back. No, I know. What are you going to cut my hours? I don't work here. I did my job. I picked out what I wanted. I brought it up. I was going to pay you, but you weren't there, so I fucking left. I'm going to pay you. No. I'm going to pay you. That's what you think I was going to do, arrest myself? Yeah, God forbid you want help. I'm telling you, I'm done with all these chains. I'm done with all of them. You can't get any help. Can never get anybody on the phone. And if you actually get somebody on the phone, nobody can help, but everybody understands. And they're always sorry. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, sir. Yes, I understand. I understand. I'm sorry. I don't know why they transferred you to me. I'm sorry. Well, I would be upset, too, sir. I understand. I totally understand, and I'm sorry. And there's nothing I can do, right? And the whole time, all they're doing is trying to get you to curse so you hang up. No, so they can hang up on you. That's all they're doing. They're trying to get you to curse so you can just hang up on you. So they gradually, but if you don't curse, they can't hang up on you. You can just keep torturing them. Well, why is that? I'm just saying, hang, hang, hang, hang. You just keep it going around and around. So what they do is then they try to suddenly make it your fault. Well, sir, did you know your plane was going to be late? Well, why didn't you call a head? Why didn't I call a head? Because I was on a fucking airplane. Sir, I don't even listen to that click. Fuck! Right? Then you got to start all over again. Do you know how many times a week people say to me, why are you yelling? And I never feel like I am. Like, this right here is not yelling to me. It's just, you know, I'm passionate about my opinions. And I want you to hear all of them before you get to talk again. That's basically it. It's not anger. Why are you yelling? You're so yelling. I'm not yelling. I got another couple of octaves. I can fucking... That was brutal. I don't want to be this guy, you know. I'm halfway through my life with this age. You know, when I've been an angry son of a bitch, and I got to turn this around, man, I'm a bearer with my... I don't want to be that guy. You die as the angry guy. That's the worst dude to die as. Because people got to try to think a happy shit to say about you. That's your funeral. They just sit there like, he, you know, he always paid his bills on time. You know, you got him that. You know? And, man, you gave this guy a bill. He paid it. This guy was a bill payin' son of a bitch. Iron to shirt, say, I got nothing. I don't know what else to say about the guy. He's just... No. No, I noticed you don't want to know. I had an anger problem. It was on just like little random things. Like, I went to this place another time. On the road, the mortar and food. I was done ordering the food and the guy behind the counter asked me if I wanted a cookie, right? And all of a sudden, he said, it's unbelievable. Er, just a blast this guy right in the face. LAUGHTER I'm not trying to be paranoid. My brain was just sitting there going like, dude, what can I do? I'm a man, ask another man. If he wants a cookie, I think she's soft to something. I don't want a cookie. I don't want a cookie there. Cupcake? What the fuck? You're not fucking knowing you like that. You know what the sad thing was? Was I wanted a cookie? Oh, I want a loved one. Sit there with a big glass of milk like a four-year-old. Who doesn't love a cookie? You know? But I say it. I say I want a cookie. You don't fucking. I say it. I say I want a cookie. I bring it up. If you bring it up, you do it subtle. You don't just yell it across the restaurant. You want a cookie? A pussy? A pussy? A pussy? LAUGHTER Ah, that's what I realized. I gotta... Anybody else's thoughts just wake them up in the middle of the night? Just wake up. I don't think I'm going to make it. You know? No. You know, my big move was to... Actually, I'm a lot happier than I used to be, man. I fuck around a lot when I'm up here, but I'm definitely a lot more happier. My big move, you know, I decided I wasn't going to go home for the holidays. That was a big thing. I had to. There you go. One guy right there. Yeah. I had to. I don't know what age you decided not to, but I went home at 39, not married, no kids. And I was just like, there is no way I am going home at 40. There's no way. There's no way. People already like asking questions. They just look at you weird. Just like... LAUGHTER So, you're just... LAUGHTER You're just going to tell jokes, you know? LAUGHTER Talk about disease and wish it on people and... Makes fun of people who like cake. Is that what you're going to do? You know, I live in a cultist sack and have a couple of kids who gradually resent everyone and then take their own life. You know, I do that. LAUGHTER Yeah. Yeah. Now, dude, I would love to be married. Like, in my head, it all makes sense. Like, you know, I don't know what happened, but... It just scares me when I see married guys. I just get like nervous, man. I'm just going to be like that stereotypical married guy, you know? Just like a shell of my former self. You know, every weekend, up on that silver ladder, just scooping shit out of the gutters... LAUGHTER My neighbor coming over, you know? Hey, Bill, how's it going? I know, pretty good, pretty good. LAUGHTER Yeah, as soon as he keeps getting bigger, you know? I've been wearing this shirt for 11 years. I don't know what happened to my dreams, you know? I just like coming up here because it's quiet. You know, I just stand up here. Think about what might have been, yeah? LAUGHTER My neighbor's not even listening to me. He's all excited about some garden hose he bought at Brookstone. He's convinced it was designed by NASA. Actually, it's got two nauticals. One for the heart, one for the cold. Really? Is it long enough to go around both our necks and the chimney so we can tan them jump off of this? I thought I really care about you and your little garden hose. CHEERING No, I know I just sort of mentioned killing myself there. LAUGHTER I don't want to freak you out. All right, because I did that joke when I was down the Bible belt and I was down south and this girl took me really seriously. She came up to me at the end of the show and she's like, you're not really thinking about doing something like that, are you? You know, I was like, no, no, no, just joking. I'm just joking. She goes, good, because you know, you can't go to heaven if you do something like that. I was just like, yeah, you know, I really don't give a shit. LAUGHTER It's not that I don't. I just like freaking out people that are that religious, that have a whole little checklist of shit. If you do this, you go here, and if you do that, how do you know that? You don't know that. Shut up. LAUGHTER I think it's a very normal thought. I think it's very normal thought to think about killing yourself, you know? I do. You know, it's weird, anytime I think about killing myself, it's never over anything big. It's always little things. Little things make me want to take myself out as bizarre. Like, am I girlfriend broke up with me? I'm not going to lie to you. I would be devastated. Devastated. Be laying on the ground, crying in the fetal position for like three days. You know, about a fourth day, and I might rub one out. You know, start putting the pieces back together. I don't want to go to join the gym, lie to myself, and I'm going to get the six pack back. I know what I got to do, right? LAUGHTER Well, little things. I thought about killing myself like a year ago on Thanksgiving. You know why I was? It was because I said I was going to make a pie. That little statement made me think about taking myself out. This is not work. This is basically the deal, right? My girlfriend's an angel. She absolutely loves the holiday. So it was like two weeks before Thanksgiving, so she's all excited. She's like, come make a big Thanksgiving coming up. I'm trying to watch the game Thanksgiving. What are you going to do for Thanksgiving? I started freaking out. I didn't think I had to do anything for Thanksgiving. You know, just thought I had to not get drunk and be belligerent around your friends. I thought I was fine. She's like, no, I'm going to make a turkey. I'm going to make something. What are you going to do? So I panicked. I'm like, oh, fuck a mega pie. LAUGHTER I don't want to make a pie. I was just trying to make a go away. You know? Never do that. You just agree with them thinking they're making a leave. Yeah, awesome. What you said? High five. Fuck off. And you go back to watching the game. Yeah. That would have totally worked. It totally worked because she walked away completely excited. She was like, you know, she went away all excited. And I totally forgot about it, right? Two weeks later Thanksgiving comes up, right? She just wakes up. She's like, oh, my God, Thanksgiving. It's Thanksgiving. You're going to make that pie, right? You said you're going to make a pie. And I was like, fuck. I got to make a pie. I got to go to the grocery store. I got to buy some flour. Then I just started thinking, man, what if I just slam my head right through this plate glass window and just blend out right down the side of the house? You know, I would not have to make the pie. So it's not even like I'm suicidal. It's more like I'm like lazy. You know what I mean? Like whenever I know the next four hours of my life is going to suck, like, I ain't think about it. God, I got to pay my taxes. It's a long line at the bank and then a bus is coming by. What if I just dove head first? I just got to double back, fires. Anybody else? You ever think it's shit like that? You don't get spanked. Sealing fans. Somebody's telling me some stuff I don't want to do. You're going to need two four-inch of ID. We need your birth certificate and a ceiling fan's behind the head of it. I'll get right on that. Don't even stop. So anyway, so I decided not to go home for the holidays. I was just trying to tell you here. I kind of came to the piphany. I'm 41 years old. My dad had five kids by the time he was my age. I got to get out of my life here. I was like, you know what? I'm not working Thanksgiving. I'm not working Christmas. I'm not working New Year's. It was like the middle of October. I was like, wait a minute. What about Halloween? That my brain was like, you know what? I'm getting a pumpkin, right? That's how angry my brain is. I can't be just like, you know what? Hey, let's get a pumpkin. You know what? Fuck this. Let's get a pumpkin. Let's start thinking. Carving that shit. I'm in it. I can't even do the kids. I'm meeting them at the door. Hey, what are you supposed to be? Huh? Oh yeah? Full-sized snickers. Bam! Who does that? Who does that? Nobody. Nobody. I will break your fucking bag with my candy. ACDC pumpkin. You ever seen that before? You haven't. Right? You tell all your friends when you see that shit. Look at you. Lean to one side. That's heavy. Here's another candy bar. You look like dumbbells. Walk right down the stairs. This is not much of a maniac I am. Do you know? This is all true. It took me four trips to go to the supermarket to finally be able to buy this goddamn pumpkin. Because every time I would walk in there to get it, I would think of all these happy thoughts. This is a great thing. I'm embracing the holidays. It's going to bring me and my girlfriend together. There's a very loving thing to do when I reach out and grab it. And all I'd hear in the back of my head is, what are you a fake? You could have immediately. I had to turn around and walk out. All right. Let me explain that show to functional people in the crowd. Let me explain this. All right. This is how it works with guys. Anytime you do anything remotely sensitive, heartwarming, anything that's going to make you more of a loving, caring individual, immediately all your guy friends suggest that maybe, just maybe, you want to suck a dick. Oh, it's brutal. Even if you do something smart, right? Like it's raining out. He's got enough brown. What a fake. Oh my God. What are you afraid of the water? Put your shoulders up. You're fucking home, oh. Jesus Christ. Would you pull that thing out of your ass? Oh, it's brutal. It doesn't even have to make sense. You're caught to pumpkin. What do you do next? Carp some guys ass with your cock. What a fake. What are you going to blow a scarecrow? Who's get away from me with your gay little pumpkin? Oh, it's brutal. So what do you have a fact? It's the reason why guys drop at 55 out of fucking nowhere. It's literally from five decades just suppressing the urge to like, hug a puppy, admit a baby's cute. Say you want a cookie. You just got to keep pushing it down. Like, fuck that. I'm not something, Jim. I'm not something, Jim. Yeah. No, no, no. And then one day, one day you're in a denny's. And if you get to put bananas in your pancakes, you just have like an aneurysm and your head slams off that sticky table. And the last thing you hear before it all goes black is your friends go, he got bananas in his pancakes. What a fake. Oh my God, it wasn't sweet enough with the syrup. You're very angry. Bring another one over hole and shove it up his ass. Right? Man, because it looks like a dick, right? It looks like a dick. Yeah, I thought it that I said it. I lost it. Yeah. Ah. It's a horrible, horrible way to live your life. You can't let, you just die in everything. Just every dumb thing that you can do is a guy. Any stupid thing that's going to shorten your life makes you more of a man. Fucking zero degrees out, you know, of a coat on. Dude, you're cold, can't admit it. No, I'm not cold. Dude, I'm not cold. I'm just taking a something I really agree with, you know? Ah. Trying to let go of this ball of hate in my chest. That's why I don't have any kids. I don't. I think it's irresponsible to be a complete maniac, not work on yourself, and then just have a kid, and then just start downloading all your fucked up thoughts until they little pristine little hard drive. You know, just send them off to school with your little manifestos. They're freaking out other kids at school. Two plus two, Timmy? What'd you get? Daddy keeps caching the walls because he doesn't trust bags. Yeah. No, it's embarrassing to know this little about yourself of my age, man. I got to get beyond it. Like, you know, I finally ended up getting that pumpkin. You know, I actually had to bring my girlfriend down to the supermarket, and I had to walk her by the pumpkins because I knew the second I did it. She was going to freak out. And she did. Second, she saw him. She was like, oh, my God, a pumpkin. Halloween's coming up. We should get a pumpkin. I was going to pumpkin. It's not doing like this little pumpkin dance. And I had this unbelievable urge just to take her head and just fucking mush it. Right to the pumpkins. It really hold it there for a second. Like, feel the panic in the back of her head. Is the air bubbles became like less and less frequent? She sat there contemplating, is this how it's going to end? Pumpkin seats up my nose. I always envision being surrounded by loved ones looking back on achievement. It's so orange. No, I resented her. Resented the fact she gets to be a fact. She does. She gets to see pumpkin. Oh, my God. Right? Sees a little puppy. It's that kid. Tries it, sad movies. I got to hold onto all of that shit slowly dying inside. Go out to go see a sad movie, comes to the sad part. What do I do? She's crying. I got to think of some funny shit. I want to somebody kick Sean Penn in the balls right now. I saw it left. Let me get mad at you. How could you laugh during a time like this? No, I'm fucking allowed. That's right, thank you, sir. I like how you turn this into a town meeting. This guy down here. Right. It's exactly it. I always wanted to cry when I was watching Lifetime. But, you know, it was never allowed to. Fucking sick. Popped up on day quill. I think it's my tribute to the film art. That's the drug I did before I got on stage. That'd be a little buzz, right? I put the string in way. So, anyways, no, I just feel myself. I'm starting to change. I'm a happier person than I think I'm ready. I want to have a kid. It's a big thing. I want to have a kid. But the only thing I'm worried about about that is I like little kids. I like them when they're little. I don't like when they get bigger and they start thinking like they know shit. I understand why parents hit their kids. I get it. I'm not saying take your day out on them. But definitely, you know, they get a little lippy. You know, throw out a jab, set the tone. Shut up. No, when they start thinking they know stuff. My buddy's got a kid. His kid is at that age, right? They bite me over to come to dinner the other day. Because I'm like at that age. I'm like that weirdo guy. They feel sad force. They're going to bite me over. Yeah, I really have a pathetic existence at this point in my life. So I'm sitting there and trying to be social with the kid, you know. And he's really into space. I'm like, hey, look the stars around. Huh? The stars are out. The kid's like, actually, that's not a star. That one is jopeter. Jopeter is the fifth planet. I'm like, ah, wow. Hey, you got that bullshit like you're impressed. That's amazing. Wow. Really? Is it? Is it? Is it? They won't shut up. They just keep going on. It's dead 17 moods. And I got to sit there acting and press. Because I'm just waiting for another adult to come by and just scoop the kid up and just rescue me. I'm going to sit there and act like I'm amazed with this. I saw a stripper quit on stage two months ago. What do you think you're going to tell me that's going to blow my mind? You're not. Nothing. You've got nothing. So the kid just kept going on. I know it's good, dude. Good. I know it's good. I know it's good. I know it's good. I know it's good, dude. Good, dude. I couldn't take it anymore. See what I finally did? I just, I had poured a little water on him. Oh, he didn't know what to do. It was great. He just sat and just froze up. He didn't have the social maturity to be like, dude, you're just fucking pouring water on me. How old are you? What kind of a person does something like that? So I'm sitting there. I am laughing my ass off. I'm dying. I'm like I cracked the cone. I finally figured out what to do in this situation. And you know what, this little bastard did he win the kitchen? He fucking told on me. And my buddy's wife comes running out. She starts screaming at me like I'm five years old, which technically I am. Because I'm pouring water on like, you know, six-year-old, right? We don't do that. We don't do that in this house. That is a no-no-no-no-no-no-no. We don't do that. That's when my temper came up and I'd be like, you know what? Fuck you, fucking kid. Fuck you, put her amount of hair. I don't need this, right? No, but I didn't do it. I just sat down and was like, look, you poured water on our kids, okay? I said an honest moment with myself. You know, we try to debate it in your head to try to make yourself right? Yeah, but do this bottled water. Like this kid doesn't get rained on. That acid rain, you actually, you're cleansing his brow. I don't know. But I'm going to have a kid because I like when they're little. It's just worth it. You know, I like toddlers, man. That's the best age. They're hilarious, you know? They never have a shirt on. They already got a beer belly, even though they never drank before. They're not even self-conscious. They don't try to suck it in. They just let it hang out over the diaper. Got like cereal in their hair. They're a mess. They're a mess. They just see people talking. They just come up. They're like, I can't afford an apple jam. They just start telling a story. They don't even have the DCC to start at the beginning. They like start in the middle. Then they jump back to the beginning. They're like, I don't know. They're like, I don't know. I'm just going to have a baby. When I'm in the middle, then they jump back to the beginning, and then they tell the end. This is like a Tarrantino movie. Like, so I just want to buy in the background! It's such a crap that you have with Jackson. It's like, what the fuck is this kid talking about? I love him! Somebody get him a stool to sit down. He sounds like he's going to, like, I'm going to have a heart attack. He's like drooling all over himself. Do they make wife-beaters for a little two-year-old? They should do it. Little little Fisher Price Harley-Davidson. I can't take it. They're adorable. LAUGHTER No, but it's a scary time, dude. It's a scary time to raise a kid. That's the only thing I'm worried about. Is it really scary time? I think they're getting ready to like microchip all of us. I'm not even jumping, dude. If you see that new Dura Self commercial with that woman can't find her kid in the park, do what kind of a fucked up way is that to sell batteries? It's a little hard core, don't you think? What you remember the old battery commercials that show some guy in a rainstorm, right? Changing the tire takes out a flashlight. They're going in Dura Self. I can see what I'm getting. That was it. Not a show in this woman. She can't find her kid in the park. She's sitting on like Kevin. Kevin? Is anybody seen Kevin? He's sitting there freaking out, and she pulls out this device. Kevin comes running out of the woods, and then he's like Dura Self batteries. It's like dude, fuck the batteries. What was that thing she just took out of her pocket? How did Kevin know to come out of the woods? He didn't have an antenna. His sneakers were glowing. What the fuck is in Kevin that is connected to that? Don't you show me that like that's normal? I am remote control kids. I must go see Mommy. Dude, that is some creepy New World Order shit. Evidently, it's a bracelet, and they just put the microchip in there. But that's how they're going to do it. They're going to scare the shit out of you. That someone's going to take your kid. That's just a bracelet. Or if they take the bracelet, I would just glue it to the forehead. I'm telling you, whatever they're doing to dogs, they're going to be doing to us in like 10 years, right? They got those six microchips with their balls cut off. Telling you. You're going to have a TV waiting to get rescued, like some accountant look at us. Fucked up at the TV, right? That's what you're going to hear in the future. That's going to be the future, dude. You hear about Eddie? They turned his chip off, man. Dude, the guy's fucked. He is fucked. He made one little joke about the government. Next thing you know, he had to buy around. His head wouldn't go through. They kept scanning it. I'm going to turn it back on. Then I turned it back on. Dude, fuck. Dude, I ain't standing next to him. They're going to shut my chip off. I don't know that guy. Not to. Bankers, I think they run the world. Bankers run the world. According to my YouTube Wikipedia research. Don't listen to me. I mean, Eddie, if I swear to God, I think they don't. Fucking blowing off the president, you know. That's what killed me. Nerds run the fucking world. I couldn't believe it. Doesn't mean somebody big and scary. Nerds. I remember those kids in fourth grade who would strike out playing kickball. Which is practically physically impossible. The ball was like half the size of your body. But somehow they do it. Big swing in a mess. Penny won't be flying down the third baseline. Those are the guys. They think, ugh. Can anybody explain to me the difference between the sharking and banking? Is there any fucking difference at this point? This one guy was like, well, dude, I'll tell you. Bank won't break your legs. Well, it doesn't fucking have to. What it's doing is legal. The reason why a loan shark does it is because what he does is not legal. So he's like, what do you do? Take me to court? Break your leg. Eh, I'm a fucking payer. No, I know. I'm a maniac. I'm becoming that guy. That conspiracy theory guy. You know those guys? You're watching the game. Then all of a sudden he just looks at you like, dude, you know there's no gold behind her currency. You realize that, don't you? Yeah, that's great. I mean, grab my drink. I think I'm going to walk over here and sit down and get away from end of days down here. I got a dog recently, everybody. That's like the big thing. Yes, I did. I'm psyched. I went down to the pound. I got one of those free dogs. Free dog. That's how I say it, too. That's tough. They say, she's a rescue. I rescue her. Really? Did you pull her out of a burning building? Did you jump in a river with your wingtip still on? But no, concerned for your own safety. Or did you just go to have the pound and get a free dog and she fucks? Is that what you think? I actually, I did not want to get a rescue dog. I did not want to do that. My girl was all about it. She's like, wish you a rescue dog. You want to rescue a dog? No, no, I don't. She's like, why not? I go, because I think a lot of the dogs down the pound might be a little fucked in the head. Have you ever thought about that? Through the shelter is not a pet store. That is like Shawshank for a gold retriever. Why don't we just go down to the prison and rescue an inmate. Just roll the dice that maybe the guy was wrongly convicted. You want to hear mine? Fuck that. I want a brand new 2009 bulldog. All right? I don't want some 1995 half a Labrador for part of its ear chewed off. You know? I got to put together its back story. Every time I go to use the toaster it starts freaking out. Because his last owner hung him from the ceiling fan. Every time the jets didn't cover the over, you know? Dude, that's an animal man that they can kill you. Dude, a rabbit squirrel. How fast a squirrel is? If I was walking home at night, minding my own business. Losing some squirrels started running at me. By the time I processed, like, is that a rat? Is that mechanical? That would be up my leg taking chunks out of the side of my head. I'd have to tell that story for the rest of my life in a bar. Dude, what happened to the side of your head? Fucking squirrel, all right? Where is she? You don't think I'm sensitive? No, I'm not trying to say all those dogs are bad down there. But what if I accidentally get one of those koojos or old Yellers? Right? I'm telling you, they love dogs down there so much. You've got to watch out what they tell you. I was down there. There was this one dog. This thing was staring at me. So goddamn hard. Maniac, looking dog. I'm like, what's up with this dog? She was just like, oh, he was chained to a pallet in a junkyard. His entire life. And I'm like, doesn't have any issues. She's like, he's a little aggressive. It's like, well, you're going to tell me that shit? I'm just going to throw at my hatchback. Let me figure it out on the ride home. I think it's pulling out a sharp and tooth brush to stick in my neck. No, that's what I'm saying. What if I accidentally get one of those crazy dogs? I get up and two in the morning to take a leak. And that is the exact moment it's previous owner used to come home shit face, beat the crap out of the dog. I have no idea what I'm setting up. I'm sitting there shuffling along in my slippers, trying my rope. Meanwhile, the dogs getting all amped up. Like, fuck this shit, man. I probably might sell, I won't let this happen again. It's time to man up. Let's do this on three. One, two, three. Ah! I'm going to be laying in the ground and a pool of my own blood. What are they doing with the dog? They take them right back down to the pond, like some sort of repeat offender. You're going to see them on the news and shackles, like shuffling along. We knew you'd be back there. Get me a milk bowl. Go fuck yourself. You're going to wheel them in like handle-bolector with that lampshade around his neck. I got it. I got it. Ah! Yes, we had like this stalemate, you know? I wanted the brand new bulldog, you know? She kept seeing that Sarah McLaughlin commercial. Getting all sad, you know? Oh, they ought to get sued for false advertisement and that thing. I swear to God. They hand-picked those dogs. The cutest little fuzzy. I just want to play with my- Those cute little innocent little doctor, sues-looking dogs. Where were the pit bulls? Where were the rot-wilders? Where were those maniacs you see lifting weights down at the shelter? I got the saddest-looking dogs ever and she's winding over the top of them. To the arms of an age of three. To the wolf! To the wolf! Those dogs are looking all sad at the camera. My last daughter was an in-nice person. Those ridiculous bandages, like they're in saving private Ryan. That three stooge is rabid here. I have a toothache. Did shep own that dog? What happened? I love that one. It's all wrapped up like a mummy. It's like how? Did it get hit by a cannonball during a civil war reenactment? Did a tyrannosaurus pick it up? Poo! Spent it out! My favorite one's that one-eyed pug. Oh, that's a great dog. Yeah, bring that over to the kids. I'm sure that won't freak them out at all. Mummy, you get us a dog? Her! Her! Just let him sniff you. Just let him sniff you. Do not approach them from the right. Do not approach them from the right. Just let him sniff you. Come around. It comes in entirely different animal when you do that. Just know it comes from the left. His name is Pookey. We're going to call him Pookey now. So she was into that. I wanted to get the bulldog. That was my thing. I was like, I want to get the bulldog. Then I started researching on the bulldogs. I said, got all these health problems, man. From day one, they can't even breathe. They come up in the world. It's like they've been working with the spestest their entire life. You know? It's unbelievable. They can't even breathe. They've got to have them sleeping upright and it's lazy boy rubbing fixed vapor, rubbing that chest. They've got like sleep apnea. They die nine times every night. Why don't I just rescue a retired offensive lineman while I'm at it? Yeah, that's a Jim Chepco. We're going to call him Larry for the rest of his life. For some stupid reason. So, didn't know what to do. So we were out of stalemate. So my girl did what most females do. They just figure, I know it's good for him. I know it's going to make him happy. I'm going to make a major decision without him. And then he's going to deal with it. Yeah, that's how I got a dog. I got a dog when I was on the road. I was on the road. I just had a message on my machine. It was just, poooood. And I just heard she's like, um, okay. I did something. Kind of involves both of us. But I think you're going to love it. Just give me a call. Okay, bye. Now does that sound like I just signed you up for a 12 to 15 year commitment? That doesn't sound like that, right? That sounds like I bought a new outfit. I'm going to drag you to some awful restaurant during a playoff game. Right? That's what it felt like. So I'm ready for that argument. She tells me she went out and she got a dog. Now half of me is an upset. You got to rescue dog. Yeah, we have it for a week. And you know, if you want to keep it, we can. So I go, let me see it. So we start escapin' and she's pans around. You know what she got? She got a pit bull. So I got, I'm like, oh, you got a pit bull? You out of your fucking mind? You got a pit bull? She goes, is that a pit bull? Is that mixed? Mix with what? Another pit bull? Look at that thing. She's been doing pull ups. It's a tie of life. So my paws were still taped up. It's like shadow box in the background. And P90 X and the pit bull. Jesus Christ. She says, like, now we sweet. She said, no, she's adorable. And all of a sudden, this is the worst part. I wasn't getting home for three days. You know, and she's all wrapped up in this dog. You know, and I'm like, I don't get home for three days. What happens when I get home on Monday? And you have to go to work. She goes, well, I just figured I'd drive to work. And you could just come home to the apartment and meet the dog that way. I'm like, hey, you out of your mind? I'm not coming home to that. That dog is bonding with you. It thinks you guys lived there. I'm going to come walking and have my cat ripped up because I'm trying to show my name on the phone bill. No. It's not going down like that. So she's like, well, what do I do? I'll tell you what you do. You take that hellhound. You put it in the goddamn car. Drive it to work. Carp in the shade. Do whatever you got it to. I'm coming home to a safe house. And then you drive home with the dog. Call me when you're a half mile away. I'll meet you and Koojo down in the driveway. We will all walk in together. I will be in the front to show that I am the pack leader because I watch happen episode of the dog whisperer. And I think that that's what you're supposed to do. I think. Oh, it's not true, right? So I'm going out of the drive when I see the dogs. It's a beautiful dog. It's literally like walking like a Marine or something. It's sneaking into something. And I'm like, okay, here we go. Turning my back on a lot of pitfalls. And I don't even know that turns out they didn't get it to shelter. They found it by the LA River. It lived by the LA River for two weeks. And my girl's response to that was like, isn't that sad? No, it's fucking scary. Why is it scary? Well, obviously it got enough protein. So it wasn't eating berries out there. That thing was choking up coyotes. You know, breaking the nexus squirrels. I don't know what it was doing. But it definitely was. You brought a murderer into the house. We'll just rescue and allocate it while you're at it. Just to add to the excitement. So we get the dog in the damn house. That's exactly what I thought was going to happen. The dog sitting there looking at her. Then it's looking at me. And then look at her. Like who the hell is a new guy? Right? A new guy. There's a guy paying the fucking rent. And I was getting no respect. So I was just like, I also right now. It's just like, I know what she's doing. I know what she's doing. She's bringing this dog home because she thinks I'm going to fall for it. And then we'll just have the dog. And it's just like, I love animals. Okay? But I'm not going to live with one that can fucking kill me. You know? Rescue what you want. So when it flips out, because I grabbed her a moment too quickly, I can flick it off the goddamn table or something. You know? So I said, we got it for a week. We got it for a week. And then we make our decisions. So I just shut down. A moment shows I fucked this dog. First two days, I didn't give a shit. You know? Dogs sitting there looking at me. And I was just like, Jesus Christ. Then on Wednesday, I don't want to happen. I started to like it a little bit. You know? I was watching TV. You know? I always talk to myself. I'm always home alone. I feel like a maniac. I finally had somebody to bounce my ideas off. It's kind of nice. Sitting there on TV. Believe you've got damn bankers. Still a trillion dollars. And they get a bonus. And they get a bonus. Dogs sitting there looking at me. You know? Don't fight me. God damn it. I think I like this dog a little bit. You know? It's making me want to work out. You know? Asking a question. How do you get these muscles? What are you going to do with this? Do you think you're going to do it? I'm going to say this. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Asking a question. How do you get these muscles? What are you going to do with this? Do you think you're going to do it? I'm going to do it. Then by Thursday. You know, I'm getting out in the air. I'm walking the dog. And I'm fucking. God damn it. I think I love this dog. This is fucking, you know. I don't know if you ever walked a pit bull. You owe it to your life. At some point in life, to walk a pit bull down the street. I'm telling you. It's the greatest experience ever. It's unreal. Three, four blocks away. They see me coming. They just immediately cross the street. It's tremendous. I don't know why black people complain about that. I love having the whole side of the street to myself. I feel like a king. Oh, it's awesome. It's the greatest thing ever. Pipples are the shit. It's like a gun you can pet. It's the only way to describe it. It's awesome. They make you want a P90X or something, just getting better shape. So then by Friday, I mean, by Friday, the dog was literally messing up my relationship. My poor girl sitting on the couch by herself. I'm sitting there spooning with the dog and the full dog is awesome. Dog is awesome. Watch me get a leg going. Watch me get a leg going. I know what happened. In four days, I went from fuck this dog to, oh my god, this thing's going to die someday. How am I emotionally going to be able to deal with it? Oh, I love it. Absolutely. I carried around like a baby. It's the greatest thing ever. You come home and shaking his tail. It's all exciting. Like, dude, you're fucking awesome. It's like, dude, you have no idea how much I need that. It's tremendous. And you can't appreciate how awesome a dog is as a kid. You can only do it as an adult. As a kid, there's no frame of reference. It's like, you're a kid. Your whole life is awesome. It's awesome, right? You ever think about being a kid? You had no money, you had no ID, no cell phone, no nothing. No keys to the house. You just ran outside and it was, you weren't scared or nothing. I challenge you to do that as an adult. All your ID, all your credit card, just run out of the house, no phone. Turn the corner where you can't see your house and not have a full-on panic attack. Oh, my god. I just got the accident. I'll get lost. You don't know who I am. What if I twist my ankle? Your whole life is awesome as a kid, right? Show up, no money, just get stuff. Real cheese, movie tickets, right? Why wouldn't a dog be awesome? Everything is awesome. It's not to you're an adult that you appreciate, right? Your dreams start dying, somebody cheats on you, right? Bankers, fuck up your 401k, you know? And then you come home and that dog's looking at you like, dude, you're awesome. It's like, no, dude, you, you are fucking awesome. You're the shit. Oh, it's the greatest thing ever. Absolutely. Ah, it's unreal. It's unreal. I'm like poor girl. She said that on Jesus Christ, you love the dog more than you love me. It's like, well, sweetie, you're not at the back door shaking your ass every time I come home. It's really a tough no matter what time. For the morning drunk, the dog doesn't give me shit. It's awesome. Woo. So anyways, like I said, I mentioned I'm 41 years old. And if I'm lucky, you know what I realized? I'm halfway through my shit right now. I'm halfway through my life. So, you know, I'm getting nervous, you know? About dying, you know, just growing old, man. I was never really nervous about it. So I got to this age and, you know, you know what I was? I went to my grandmother's 100 year birthday party. And I quickly realized that women age a lot better towards the end, you know? Guys, we hang with them in the beginning because we're young and then in the middle, they're having kids, we kind of pass them. But that end, that last third, we're like the stock market. We just go right down to the ground. It's brutal. I went to this party. All the old ladies say, well, unbelievably shocked. It was still playing cards. I went right there. But some of the old dudes, man, they were brutal. You know, you ever see a guy like so old, he has like that permanent look of horror on his face? You know what I mean? A couple guys walk in, they look okay. Hey, dude. And then there's always that one guy just comes walking and just like, I don't even know when they're sitting down meeting people. And this is my grandson, Bill. It's like, dude, how much pain are you in that you constantly have a look on your face like that shit from the ring just crawled out of your TV set? Dude, that's gotta be, you're like so old, like everything hurts. You just stand it up and you're like, oh my God, you got a Linozo. Oh my God. Even like blinking like air hurts. Yeah. Dude, fucking kill me. Kill me if I ever end up like that. Dude, I'll fucking kill myself. I'll rock myself down a flight of stairs. I'll lean back, hit my head on a sink. Whatever I gotta do. I told you, I already think about killing myself twice a week at this age. There is no fucking way. I'm going out like that. The end of my life, I'm walking around. Everyone else has that panic. Oh, fuck, is it going down? Look in their face. I don't know how you do it. How do you wake up every morning, brushing your teeth? How do you fight the urge? Do not just jam that tooth brush right down your throat. I'll tell you what kills me was only the old guys had that look on their face. Not any old ladies did. Some of the old ladies had a look of like mild disappointment. You know, I'll just sit there like. You know, like they always wanted to go to Europe, but they never got around to it. But only the old guys had like that. Dude, it was almost like they wanted to tell you a secret. Like, where's the gold? Can you remember the combination? What is that? Somebody said it's like a mild form of dementia. You know what I think it's from, I think it's from being married for 60 years, getting nagged every day and never once looking at you wife being like, you know what, how many you shut the fuck up? Fuck up. Hey, I thought it. You're not happy. You know what, that's fucking way. Is it that or they like, where you down? I think they where you down. Because I know it was a young man. I had a lot more spring in my stuff. Young guys, your girl gives you a shit, you know. You go for a drive. Where's this relationship going? It's still weird. We need to talk and fuck you lady. You're getting the car, you go for a drive. Plenty of ceiling a couple times. You scream out the window, bitch. You get it out. You get it out before you face this wall, push it up. Get it out. Ah, that's a man. That one happens. What happens? You stay in the relationship. You stay in the relationship, right? You get married 15 years later. You got a couple of kids. You got a little gut going. Right? She starts in one with that whole laundry list of stuff you got to do because you're married. Susie has ballet practice. It gets over it too. Make sure you're there too. You're there too, too, the other day. And she's very upset. No, you weren't. You were. I actually documented the record of my Facebook page. And you want to give her an uppercut. No, it's a natural thought. It's a natural thought. It's a natural thought. But you don't. You never leave with an uppercut. You set it up with a jab. You get inside. You come right up to the cleavage and rock that head back. You set it right across the linoleum. Take that dirty pistol out. You lay it next to it. Wipe off the door. Hand on the fucking with you. Now you don't do that. Now you don't. You never hit a wall. You should never hit a wall. You're going to get caught. You're going to go to jail. You're going to get raped. It's off. You don't do that, right? So what are you doing now? What are you going to do now, right? You're married. You can't yell because your kids are there. You can't go for a drive. You don't have a cool car anymore. You got some care van with those sticky children in the corn, handprints, all of the windshield. So what are you doing? You go down in the basement. You just do like that whisper yelling. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. And then I think just one day you get to just two old. You just two old. You're tired. You've been married like 60 years. Your body's breaking down. And you blew your knee out at the Y playing pick up ball like 30 years earlier in the 50 and older league. And you just want to watch the game. And she comes in that one last time, right? Just to annoy you. Just pick it on you. And you always mean to my mother. And I always presented you for her. I can't get back more. I'm your brother, right? And you start to, you don't fuck this. I'm not listening to this, right? You go to get up. And that's when it hits you. That the day before was the last day you had the quad strength to get up and out of your favorite chair. And that's when the panic sets. And you're like, oh, shit. Dude, I can't get up. Oh my god. I got to listen to this for the rest of my life. Oh, that's what it is. That's what it is. Now, a lot of people don't realize both old guys are actually trying to escape. That's what they do. Like, is she loving? No, I'm not making. I'm the end of it. That's it. I'm out of time. You guys were all like, thank you. So, so much for coming out. I really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing.
What's going on? Are we all right? What happened? Do I have gizz on my shirt? The guy was really nice. What happened? I got a hair out of place? Yeah, fix my hair. Oh, thank you. That'll do it. Now... You know what that is? That's a real right there. Bang! That's more important than the special. Let's get a nice real comedian. Hair gets done. 300,000 views. Ladies and gentlemen, Joe's with... Thanks. Wow. Thanks. All right. Well, thank you. That's very nice. All right. Thank you. I feel like I got here too quick. I should have let you guys... I shouldn't really let it... It's just stupid when I'm standing here and you're doing it. I'm like... I should have been going on. I'm like weaving through. You're like, wow. It's weird doing a special at a comedy club because I'm getting ready to come up. And I'm just like, right there. You guys can just see me. There's like... Oh, there he is. When you go see Springsteen, you're not like, it's going to rule. All right, there he is. He's got to get in the row. He's in our row right now. He's just like, okay. Oh, here it is. My time. Here we go. Next year we're going to build a thing. I'm going to pop up like a polo cream, you know? And then die. No. This lady's going like this. Don't die. I'll try not to. I would be more upset than you would if I died, you know? All right. Nice to see everybody. I feel like I recognize a lot of people. Thanks for coming. I know you, right? Yeah, we met. This is where I'm at my career right now. After shows, really, really like hot women will come up to me after the show. And they're like, hey, excuse me. Hi. And I'm like, oh, hey. And she's like, my autistic boyfriend loves you. I didn't get it. I thought it was a little dirty and weird, but he loved it. And can he say, huh? And he's just like, I'm like, oh, hey. Thanks. You guys are getting beautiful women somehow. I don't know how you're doing that. You're just like a gay. Anyway, thanks for coming. You guys have this. Is this relatable? You ever think you're like a pretty good looking person? And then you see a photo of yourself, and you think I should kill myself for the good of society. Like you're at home looking in the mirror, and you're like, hey, not bad. And then someone tags a photo of you on Instagram. And you're like, maybe I'll go to the center of town and shoot myself in the face tomorrow. You know, just to let everyone know that I know this is unacceptable. You guys... There's too many photos. That's the problem. I wish that grew up in the 30s with this one photo of you, your whole life. If it sucks, you just burn it, you know? Every day there's like five new photos of me online. They're all, I just want to die. Your friends try to make you feel better. They're always sweet. It's just a bad photo. Don't worry about it. And I'm like, but it's a bad photo because I'm in it, though, right? Like... It's not a blurry photo. It's a 4K HD color photograph of exactly what my face looks like. You're saying it's bad because it's a perfect replica of what I currently look like. It's just me... You're telling me my face is bad. That's what's going on right now. I don't know. I got a friend. He's ugly. We were talking the other day. I feel bad saying that, but he's not here. We were hanging out and I have a hot friend, too. I have a hot friend and an ugly friend. I have many friends, but two friends in this joke. And one's hot and the other one's ugly. And my ugly friend was talking about how we can't get laid. And then we had to pretend it's not because he's ugly. Do you guys ever do that for your friend? He's like, oh, no one's having sex with me. We're like, what? These bitches, man. What the hell? Then he goes to the bathroom and we're like, why does he think someone would have sex with him? That's hilarious. What? It's because he's serious. Then he comes back. My hot friend starts giving him advice. Nobody wants advice from a hot person. No offense if you're hot. I'm looking around. There's a couple of you here, but not many. He says this. He goes, you need more confidence. And I'm like, no, he needs your face. That's why you're confident because you have a good face. He has a bad one. And he says, this is hot people advice. He goes, this is what I do. I just walk up to women in the park, start talking to him. Then my ugly friend gets hope. He's like, I can do that. And then I had to be the one that was like, ah, don't do that. You're going to get maced if you walk up to women in the park. Are you kidding? He can do that because he has a strong jawline and he's tan and his tongue is not visible when he's talking to other people the way yours is. I'm like, you can get laid. I don't know how you're going to get laid. You can do it. Everyone gets laid at some point, I think. I have sex all the time. I'm not a hot guy. You're probably like, well, how do you do? I got married. That's how I did it. That's my advice. People say when you get married, you stop having sex. But I think that's only true if you're like a hot dude that like, you know, smashes, or whatever. If you're like a hot guy that gets laid all the time, don't get married. You'll have sex less. But if you never get laid, get married. You'll have sex more. Like, what's the hardest part of getting laid? You got to convince somebody to come back to your house. You got to be like, come on. My house is fun and safe. That's hard. Women are like, oh, you're like, I swear. Promise. You know, that's like tricky. I don't have to do that. My wife lives in my house. I don't have to do anything. I can just turn a million when I'm sex. And that works. Not every time. I don't want you to think, you know, it works like three out of ten times. That's not bad. I'm a baseball guy. That's all star team, you know. You're gonna have for ten, fifteen years. You're in the Hall of Fame. So... That's pretty good. It's hard to get laid. I feel bad. I was like, when I was single, I didn't get laid much. And I feel bad for women that have sex with men. We're not great. I'm sorry. I would talk to my buddies. I'm like, I ain't gonna get laid. How are you guys doing it? And then my friend would be like, you're too nice. That's due problem. That's the best advice I got was be less nice. That's like the best idea men have come up with to get laid. Like be shittier. Which is more hot people advice, by the way. I'm like, I don't have... I don't think I have the look for that advice. If I'm mean to a woman, she's gonna be like, this is not the guy who sucks. What's up with him? Why does he be like me? Like I'm like, which one of you bitches wants to blow me? Huh? Like they're like, what? But he was right. I was probably too nice. You can be too nice. I would always be like, you're so beautiful. I'll give you money. If you have sex with me. And that's like... That's too nice. You know, that's borderline offensive. I got a buddy. He's like one of these guys. He gets laid all the time. He's like, a good looking guy, whatever. And I was talking to him the other day about sex. And he goes, he goes, if I have sex with a woman, she's got to have perky breasts. That feels unfair, doesn't it? I mean, like having a breast preference is fine, but perky, that's not even a physical adjective. Perky's like a mood. Perky's like, hi, you know? A breast can't be perky. That's like a woman being like, I'll have sex with a guy, but he's gonna have a chipper dick. I really... I want blissful balls on her man, or else... I like a patriotic asshole on my man. You like this? But I have a wife, and we have sex. I think she's attracted to me, you know? How much attracted to her? I think she's hot. I took a photo of her the other day. She looked great. She was all made up, and the sun was hitting her. She looked beautiful. And then I posted on Instagram, and then every comment was like, wow, she's hot. She's out of your league, bro. She's beautiful. How'd you pull that off? And I'm like, you know, you could just say you think she's attractive. You don't have to add that you think I am unattractive. That's not... That's not making me feel great. Also, that's the best photo I have of her. I could post a shittier photo, you know? I got plenty of overhead lighting photos. I could have thrown up there, you know? Those comments would start swinging back in my direction. You guys are pretty evenly matched. I'm like, you're goddamn right, we are. Thank you. People don't just say that, I don't know why. It's like they think it's like charming to be like, you married up out of your league. Ah! They're like, oh, thanks. First of all, it's in hacker. We're in the same league. We're married. That's the same league. We're on the same team. No one ever laughs at that, but I think it's a good point. Like, what's your marriage? You're on the same... And also, you can be on a team with different value. Like Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs back up Hunter. They're in the same league. They don't have the same value. Again, you're not the first crowd to not laugh at this, but it's a good point. And here's a better point. Like, my wife is better looking than me, but I'm like, this motto of league than looks. Like, she's better looking. I'm way more fun. You should hang out with us. I'm like, zinging and zanging and shit. I'm like, dancing and doing karaoke. She's depressed. She sucks. I'm bringing the heat. I bring it in the hang. I got like secret handshakes and nicknames. I'm like, hey, wacky tits. What's that? Wow. I'm always ordering pizza. I'm like, who wants pizza? I'm getting pizza. I'm me. She's like, get one with veggies. I'm like, oh, fine. That's not fun. I'm not saying she's not fun. I'm saying I'm more fun. Like, here's what I go to Starbucks every day and I use the app. And then when you scan the app, it goes, boop. I go like this. I go, ha. That's gold. You guys will laugh at a little. They shit their pants at Starbucks. They're like, what? And I'm like, ah. That's the kind of fun I'm bringing to the hang, you know. I did it the other day though. And this sounds made up, but this really happened. I went, boop. I went, ah. And then the lady went, that happened to somebody earlier. And I was like, who's this asshole doing my bed? That's mine. Are you serious? I'm a fun guy. I swear to God. I used to be more fun. I used to drink. That's when I was like, really fun. You know, drinking is like synonymous with fun. Like, I was like, wild and get after. But I was like, I was like a risky fun. You know what I mean? Like, I do karaoke. I take my shirt off and like throw it in the crowd. But then I go to your house and shit on the floor. I was kind of like, ups and downs, you know, strikes and gutters. You ever get this truck, you ever get like drunk where you're like, you're holding a drink or a cocktail and then you drop it. But nobody like bumped into you or anything like that. You're just kind of like, shhhhh. Hey, I'm not holding that anymore. You're gonna go back to the bar and be like, I got another drink. I just might just committed suicide a couple of seconds ago. It's almost like your hands gave you an intervention. Like, your fingers are like, let's put this down. I don't think he needs this anymore. I've been sober a long time. Every once in a while, I'll get like a message. Someone will reach out to me on Instagram and they're like, how did you know you're an alcoholic? And then I have to write back. Let me help you out. You're an alcoholic. I feel like... I think if you're reaching out to strangers on Instagram to find out about alcoholism, it's probably time to wrap it up, you know. I don't want to be judgmental. I don't drink anymore. I don't do drugs anymore. I was never a big drug guy. I would like smoke weed. But I never liked weed. Are you guys weed people? Some... Oh no, so that's great. Few of you. I never liked it. I would always like freak out. Also, this is my issue with weed. I don't always like smoke in like a circle of like, or strangers. And then you pass around like a joint or a piece or a pipe or a bomb or an apple, whatever. And then it would come to you and you'd be like, all right, the weed. Yeah. I think you pass. You're like, all right, there goes the weed. Fun. But then it comes back like 30 seconds later. You're like, oh, more weed, all right. And then you're like, I'm buzzed. And then it would come back like three, four, five times. But at the end, I'm like, I'm just completely out of my mind. I don't know if you guys... I don't know why we're still doing this. And eventually a guy on the other side of the circle would be like, no, I'm good. And I'm like, I didn't know we could do that. I have no... Nobody told me that was part of this. You're like, rose to parks or some shit. You just like, open up a world of possibility. I'm gonna be sleeping under my bed for the next three days because I had no idea. And I can be like, oh... I'm still fun though. All the ice cream anytime a day. You know what I mean? Like, I don't do drugs or drink, but all the ice cream in the daytime. That's fun. I guess not. I was eating ice cream. I met him with my buddy. I was eating ice cream. And then he was like, why are you eating ice cream? And I was like, I don't know. Fun. And then he was like, I thought we were going to lunch. And I was like, we are. And he's like, why are you eating ice cream now? What are you a child? And I was like, no, I'm an adult. I eat ice cream. Whenever I want to eat ice cream, a child is not allowed to eat ice cream during the day. Sounds like you're a child. You're a little bitch. You're living by... Living by your mother's rules for when you're a seven. When you're gonna have a couple of vegetables, before you're gonna have a scoop, you're a big pussy. I'm fun to watch movies with. You guys should watch a movie with me. I'm like, you probably won't get a chance too, but I'm like... I always have great lines during the... I don't step on the dialogue either. I'm like, in between dialogue, I'll be like, the person next to me is like, you know? That's fun. Here's one of my bests. Like all timers. First time I saw the shiny. You guys saw the shining, right? Classic. Yeah. First time I saw it was in like seventh grade. I watched it with a group of friends. At the very beginning of the movie. They're like driving up into the mountains. Shelley Duval, she says to Jack Nicholson. The air is different up here. And then I went, I fired it. Kill! Everybody was like, oh! Classic list! And I was like... To this day, any time I'm with a group of people, I'm like, you guys want to throw on the shining? Anybody want to watch the shining? Like, this is my son's birthday. He's six years old. I'm like, put it on for five minutes. He'll laugh. Well, turn it off before the naked dead lady comes out. All right? It's gonna be big. You're making me nervous. I saw your elbow each other. What's going on? I saw as my dick out. Oh, it's hot. Oh, it's hot. Oh, I got you. Sorry. It's probably me. It's always awkward. There's like two hot women in the front. Like, I'm like, what? Do they see my boner? Anyways, my wife's... I'm attracted to her. I think she's attracted to me. My wife's four years older than me. That's hot. Don't you think? That's kind of... Yes. Oh, my God. Your wish is my command. The air just came on. That was like... Who else needs something? Anybody? It was like magical. It was like two women. Like, I'm a little hot and just AC just bang. That's what it's like to be a fucking woman in this country. You fucking say something where my ill. What if I did the rest of the show like that? You fucking... Fucking... Ow. I'll smack you around a little bit. I wish I could go back to the beginning of my life and just... Just go full Italian. Oh, fuck, hey. What the hell? Anyways, and cut. My... Guys, I'm not trying to get a special. I'm trying to get reels here. I gotta catch up to these reels, folks. My wife's four years older than me, which I think is like sexy. I think it's like... When I was in eighth grade, my wife was a senior in high school. That's pretty spicy, you know? We didn't know each other then. She's not a criminal or anything. I wish I could go back that time, dude. I'd love to go back to my wife's senior year. I'm in eighth grade, you know? I'd love to walk up to her and her senior prom. I'm like... Covered in pimples and a pearl jam shirt. I just walk up behind her and I'm like, someday I'm gonna see her butthole. And then I just run away. Wouldn't that be... Wouldn't that be fun? She's like, what the hell? Then I'd run back in and I'm like, you won't see my butthole, by the way. It's not a fair... It's not a fair trade-off. I see her. She never sees my. Do you guys have that in your relationships? Yeah. Have you seen his butthole? No. She never sees mine. I see hers and I feel like I should be clear. We have sex and sometimes we have doggy style sex. Sex in the style of dog. And... When you have doggy style sex, I don't know if you know this, but whoever's on the bottom there butthole is sort of exposed. And I don't stare. I don't want you to... I'm not rude. I just kind of like... You know? Just a quick, three Mississippi's at max, you know? I look at it the way you look at your hand and poker. I'm like... I'll check. You know? And it's nice. It's a beautiful... Beautiful hole, you know? But she's never seen mine. I feel bad. I might show her one day. Like maybe it's something you're on her birthday, you know? I'll wake up early and be like, honey, check it out. Look at this. That's all I got you this year. I don't think she'd like it though. I feel like... I've never looked at my butthole, but when I walk around it doesn't feel like it looks good, you know? Like it feels dry and wet, you know? I lost a lot of you on that one and that's fair. I'll move off the butthole stuff, but... Isn't there where that A hole and B hole mean the same hole? Isn't that funny? Two different letters, same hole. Mother Nature's a mad scientist, yeah. I'm not a mad scientist. Anyways, we have sex and... It's fun. We've been together a long time though. You were trying to like, I don't know how long... My wife and I have been together for like 11 years. You were trying to like come up with ways to like spice things up a little bit. And then in the middle of that conversation you realize maybe we're not sexually compatible. Have you guys ever had that? No, well that's the premise of the joke, so... I was like, let's mix it up. I have like a piece of paper. I wrote down a bucket list of sex stuff from like, let's get weird, you know? She had no piece of paper, so right away I was like, this isn't gonna be great. I can feel it. And I was like, I had my paper, I'm like, what do you got? And then she was like, what if we have sex quietly and pretend there's someone in the other room? And then I just started wrinkling up my piece of paper. I was like, you know what? I don't think we're ready for mine just yet. Quiet sex, that's what you came up with. I don't know if you think that's a porn category, is it? First of all, we live in New York City. There is someone in the other room. There's like seven people, like 40 feet from us that can hear us. Not on my fantasies are quiet. Mine are noisy and there's a bunch of people involved. She's related to a handful of them. She's like, what's one of you? I couldn't even do mine. I had to improvise. I was like, what about missionary with jazz playing? She was like, ooh, I like that. I'm like, yeah, I'm sick. And she found my paper. She's like, what's entire basketball team? I'm like, give me that fucking thing. That was some other shit I was thinking about. I don't know. We were hanging out talking the other day, me and some friends. Adult friends, my wife and I, and some friends. Adult conversation, talking sex. And then in the middle of conversation my wife was like, what's the average penis? Like eight inches? I was like, I'm sorry, who were you fucking before me? What? Eight inches? And she was like, well, how big is your penis? I think she thought I had an eight inch penis. She's never measured something. I don't know. I just thought I had an eight inch penis. And then I had to tell her, I was like, I have half of an eight inch penis. I would need a second dick to get to eight inches. I'm not going to think I'm like, do women not know the average penis sex? Because if not, we should like crack into WebMD or something like that. You know, like, put down 2.5 or whatever. That way if they look it up, you can be like, yeah, there's a pretty, I'm like, almost double that. I like dirty talk. Dirty talk is good in a relationship. That way, especially in a relationship, dirty talk is good because like, you have a sense for the other person, you know, like they know what they might like to hear. It's hard when you're single dirty talk. Because when you're single and you're dirty talk, that's just like guessing. You might offend. What's all right sex with the woman when I was single? This is her dirty talk. In the middle of it, she went, she goes, if you don't come, I'm going to be pissed. That sounds hot, but she didn't know me, you know, like, I think she thought I was going to be like, well, get ready to be happy. I'm like, I can't work under these conditions. I'm a nervous nilly. And at the time I was on Paxle for anxiety and depression. That's like a major side of it. I'm like, I can't come at all. It takes me like a week to masturbate. You can shove a shoe in my butt. I'm not coming on this stuff. I want support of dirty talk. I want like, if you come, that's great. If not, no big deal. You're worthy of love, just for being you, you know. You're dad loves you. He doesn't have to show it. That would be nice. I'd be like, oh my god. Yes. I'm self-conscious about my life. I got called ugly in high school, by the way. That's like a lot of this, I comes from when I was in high school, I got called ugly, like publicly. And it really, you know, in high school, something happens like lingers, you know? Yeah. I was at a girls basketball game. And I know, we had a great girls basketball team. This is the 90s, by the way. It was called girls basketball in the 90s. Now it's called women's basketball, we've progressed. In the 80s, it was called cons basketball. Every decade, we get better, you know? Eventually, it'll just be basketball. But for now, progress is slow. But I would go to all the games. We had a great team. I was like, I'm like a school spirit guy. I'm a big sports guy. And I would go to all the games. I would paint my face and shit. I wasn't a cheerleader, but I would leave the cheer. I would get the chance going. I was like, let's go Panther. I was like that guy. You know? I feel like a lot of what you would have hated me. I'm getting a vibe here. I had a great time. The team loved me. But at one game, I was getting the chance going. And then this girl from the other school, she started chanting, you are ugly. Yes. Very hurtful. Thank you. This is 1998. You could totally do that. If you did that now, then arrest you or shoot you or whatever. But back then, they were like, nice. Got him. Yeah. But I tried to get a counter-chan. I was like, screw this, I was like, come on guys. I'm like, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. No he isn't. I'm trying to get a no he isn't chant going. But my school went rogue. They didn't want a chant. No he isn't. They went with so are you. Which they nailed her. I don't know if you're following like they nailed her, but they included me in the chant. Like this woman called me ugly and then everybody I'd ever met in my entire life in Unicent was like totally he is ugly absolutely but also you are I had to join that chant I was like yeah Both ugly I felt like family feud I'm like okay good answer yeah That was the number one answer And then I was like what about no he is in I was like Nobody said that I thought like six or seven people would have said no here they're like no nobody Whatever I saw the girl after the game and I was like hey maybe we should Look up, you know, we both just found out we're ugly. Why don't we? Let's go fuck, you know, I thought that would be She didn't go for it whatever This is distracting should I move this? I don't like it this close because I want to grab it when it's here Guys you're gonna shit get ready for this one This is my impression of a British race car driver you ready Because it's over here you see Oh Clip it That's gonna be huge That's one of those jokes that's really stupid but I'm like maybe that should be in the special that's kind of funny. I don't know This is another one like that I think it's hilarious I was watching that you guys saw the Batman movie Doesn't matter. It's not great But at one point Batman gets a cell phone call and he answers his phone, but I thought he should have been like this. Hello Yeah, it's crazy Because his ears are up here That's gold guys. I don't know what to tell you But Anyways my wife and I we have sex and it's pretty cool Cuz I'm fun only a fun person comes up with that Batman gang I think she likes me, you know We're hanging out the other I don't know I get nervous. I have a lot of anxiety I think it's a turn off. I don't I think you guys did you guys We're in Greenwich Village right now. Did you guys get a constant outside at all this some? Do you did oh great nice? That was so genuine You're like yeah, as a matter of fact we did It's crazy out there right? I'm scared. I'm like I got like fears now I've had a couple run-ins some of you guys know the stories I've had a couple run-ins with very aggressive homeless people this year One in was in Austin two guys came up to me they got right in my face And they were like screaming at me and then there was like a third guy at a buy I just took off run. I'm a runner I have no I read people ask me for directions in the city. I take off running. I don't give a shit Then I came back to New York right around the corner from here. I had a guy like do that shit. I was like oh like I'm like I don't know what it is. I was telling my buddy and then he was like that he goes well. What are you saying to these guys? I was like I think what you're doing is called victim blaming. I believe I just learned this term I think I'm using it correctly What am I saying? Do you think I'm talking shit to homeless people? Is that Is that the vibe I'm putting out? I don't know I said I got 50 bucks fight me for it bitch. Should I not have done that? Is that Was that a mistake? Cause I wanted to help them out but I don't want to give them a free ride so I Threatened to fist fight them for cash I'm like I didn't say anything And then you feel like self-cultured stuff because I've run a few times this year and I was talking to my buddy And I was like am I like a guy? I feel like I'm pussy am I a coward for running And then my friend was like no you did the right thing and I was like thank you And he goes yeah because if you hit one of those guys they fall on the ground crack the head open you can go to jail And I was like yeah That's why I ran I would have killed those sons of bitches You get me These hands are goddamn weapons As I was running with tears in my eyes I was like don't make me beat the shit out of you guys Everybody's got an opinion I was telling my other buddy about it. I got a couple instances You know and he goes this way I need a gun. I've been telling you you got to get a gun I'm not yet tired god. I'm whatever you guys are I want to you guys I agree with everybody but I Just feel like I could be wrong. I don't think my life would be going better right now If I had shot and killed three homeless people this year. I don't know There's no way to know which way your life would have gone. I just feel like People like how you been pretty good traveling doing a lot of shows visit my mother. Oh, I shot three guys in the face They were They were addicted to drugs nobody was helping them. They got kind of close to me. So I blew their brains out There's a lot of paperwork, but it's cool, you know It felt good I'm really I'm not I'm not whatever gun whatever. I'm just not I don't think I have gun personality That's the problem. I just don't picture myself. You're like wow Do you still blow out your gun? I don't know if that happens anymore. I used when I was a kid you I think we find you to shoot and then be like this instead Again, not killer, but fun. That's a fun Let me ask you guys. I don't know there's probably not a lot of gun owners. We're in Greenwich Village right now But maybe some of you have guns does loading a gun feel anything like putting your air pods back into the case because I feel like I think I might be a gun guy. I never realized it like You know, that was putting my air pods. It kind of sucks them in. It's like Then you snap a shot. I'm like oh shit my dick just move. Maybe I did a gun, you know Air pods are fun. They're versatile. Look at that. I came home and I had my air pods in and my wife was like How was your day? And I kind of was like that. I was like pretty good. Cindy was being a bit. I like to pretend They're earrings just kind of like Just for a moment, you know, I like to I Was here in New York and I was going I had air pods and listening to some music and I was crossing the street And then the lights started to change so I kind of like jogged and then I don't know the physics behind this But one of my air pods fell out of my ear and it bound and somehow it bounced like straight up And then I just caught it like in stride. I was running and I was like whoa and I caught it and then the guy in his car went It's the best I've ever felt in my entire life like literally I think I peaked And I've lived a full life. I mean, I've been on the tonight show and I've gone to South America And I went down on a woman once. I mean, I've really I've lived But this just felt like whoa I But I went home and told my wife I was like my air pod bounced and I caught it And she was like wow, and I was like you don't get me like he does When will you see me? I didn't know air pods bounce now I want to like learn how to do it like be it a party and be like What Thank you this guy tried to get into applause break on that joke, so I appreciate you. God bless you Now it's now there you go with my help. Oh, thanks That's very That was the least genuine in the plaza of all time in the history of comedy just The air pod thing I Was a very begrudging applause break. All right, I guess how hard is it to catch an air pod? But I'm fine. I think I'm fun. I think I'm funny. I think all these jokes are great some of you are sitting them out, but whatever I think I'm funny Sometimes you try to be funny and then the people don't take its funny. I was hanging out my wife one lady's dying back there and Can we get a mic on that lady please? Junge this up a little I'll say on my wife and my mother-in-law the other day the three of us were hanging out You know, and then my wife was we're just kind of talking my wife went sometimes when I run I peel a little And then her mother was like I think that's normal as you get older and then I leaned in and I was like I think it's probably my fault and I gave away I thought that was pretty good A little I'm destroying your daughter's pussy material. I thought that was I thought that was damn funny right off the top my head She didn't love it. She was not Into it, but I thought I was telling my buddy and he goes she probably didn't laugh because it's two different holes I was like first of all you just blew my mind Second of all I don't think that's why she didn't laugh. I don't think I don't think she was like wait I I thought I had this I thought this was funny and I was hanging out I have a niece and she's 10 years old and then we were hanging out and She had they have they have a family dog and the dog's name is Penny and she said she went come here Penny And then she turned to me and she said I'm trying to teach the dog to come Yeah, you guys are laughing already That's funny I thought it was funny also Because come Which by the way, she's a child I want you to know I wasn't like Sick oh, you know, I just I kept a straight face But I wanted to be like choking a little and be patient, you know, I had that locked and loaded Because I'm fun But I didn't say it I got to wait like 10 years to be like one time you said you wanted to teach the dog to come Even that won't be funny though because she'd be like you've been thinking about this for 10 years You creep I told her mother though. I thought this is where I went right. I told her mother I was like Brooks said she wanted to teach the dog to come And then her mother was like why are you saying that to me? What? And I was like well, it's funny come She was like what is wrong with you and I was like well I Didn't the dog didn't come I don't know why you like can't you remove yourself from the situation and see that that's Anyways, I'm not allowed to see my niece anymore, but we had a good run. We had a fun 10 years together. That's a good length of time for a relationship I think Whatever I think I'm funny and um I think I'm a smack got you I think I'm gonna be a pilot you guys ever think that you're gonna Are you a pilot oh? Okay, do you think you think you could be pilot too? I think I could do it You ever get on a commercial plane. You're like I could fly this goddamn plane Me and you buddy you got pilot head you gotta like you look like a pilot You're well-coffed you know I don't think it's that hard are there any pilots here? Yeah, fuck pilots. I think it's um I think it's a bullshit job. I don't think we need all this reverence What is it you do this this thing you push the this is like the takeoff Here we go There's like a couple clicks couple switches up here And if you get the wrong one there's another guy. He's like no, no, it's these two over here You got a buddy up there How easy is that I don't get a buddy. It's just me up here. I've done a couple of jokes. It didn't go great I can't be like Pete You got a friend helping out and then you lay and that's just You pull it back Click those down you scoop off the head shit That's easy. I drive a car. That's way harder. That's feet and hands and texting. It's very difficult. That's a lot Plus this auto pilot too. Did you guys I always heard about that like computers fly the plane Which I always thought was like oh okay, whatever and then like I started I fly like I started getting upgraded when you fly first class You learned did you know this the pilot leaves the cockpit? I Had no idea I got the pilot the whole flight was like They're not it's not even stressful They're like walking around they like grab chips and slap flight attendants on the acid shit. They're like They're not even in there Like nobody gives a shit about a bus drive like if you tell people you're a bus driver And no one's like what whoa? But a bus driver can't get up and walk around Like if you're in a greyhound reading and the bus driver's like what are you reading what's going on? But you're like I Don't really think it's that easy. I don't think I'd be a pilot but I do say I do what bothers me is they do like a meet and greet that's what they feel very Full of themselves like we land and the pilot just at the front of the plane like That was me We're not gonna walk by one of the time like nice dude. I was gonna be like fuck you. I could have done that you suck Nice tie your dork, you know So Sometimes they'll make jokes you ever have that we ever like a pilot like come on and like crack jokes That's what real as a comedian that really Offends me Everyone's wrong you're gonna to play in the pilots like we might have a few bumps just like one of my wife drives And the whole plane's like oh I'm like yeah, I heard of me sucks. It's not funny I'm like you're just laughing because he has your life in his hands. That's why you think it's funny If I could just kill all of you guys at any moment you guys to be losing your shit at every joke I do one of these bits at bombs. I'm like all right here we go. I'm like no I was on a flight the other guy next to me got up and went and used the bathroom in the middle of the flight And then he came back and when he comes back he sits down. He goes they got a window in the bathroom on this plane I was like nice And he goes you can't open it though I'm like I feel like I just learned two things about this fella. He's He's a fucking idiot and he just took a huge shit. Those are my hypotheses Pretty sure that guy shit of the plane then he was like oh they gonna win. Oh no you can't open I gotta let my buddy know I gotta So thanks for the heads up. I was gonna try to kick the windows out at 35,000 feet But now that I know I'm always traveling and every every weekend I'm like traveling I'm on Check into a hotel. I'm always order a pizza every time I get to a hotel I order a pizza you guys know me. I'm like I like to order a pizza, you know But some hotels it's very frustrating like I don't know how often you guys order pizza in hotels But I do it like every week and some hotels if it's like a shitty hotel They just let the delivery guy he'll like get in the elevator. He comes right up to your floor He'll just like knock right on your door. Yeah, it's very nice You know, it's a put pants on you can just be like oh thanks dude. All right But it's like nicer hotels. They don't want the delivery guy in the elevator So you got to come down to the lobby to meet them which is very annoying you're shaking. Yeah, it's very annoying Right here's the most annoying part not that you have to leave your room It's that I don't know if you ever got on a hotel elevator with a fresh pizza But what happens is somebody else gets on the elevator with you and then they say hey I hope you're all enough for everybody Are we teaching that in community college? I don't understand Literally everybody said I got everybody and I never understand the rea am I supposed to be like What Like is this supposed to be hilarious Are by supposed to be like we didn't I didn't bring enough for everybody I go with it. This is what I do I go uh That's when I came up with You know like when somebody's so dumb that you get dumb or you're like Oh I want to be like I brought some for you yours is right here you fucking piece of shit You know, but that might just be my own I guess there's just a lot of dumb folk I'm not smart. I'm I got glasses. I look smart, but I'm dumb My friends are dumb you ever do inventory of your friends you're like these are the dumbest people I've ever met in my whole life I don't know how this worked out this way Some of you are with them, so it's weird, but I Do I look smart, but I'm dumb also but my friends I ever like hang out you know like you're dumb and then your friends are dumb You're all dumb together But then occasionally your friend will do something that takes it to another level where you're like am I doing community service by hanging out with this person right now I got a friend we went to an art museum to get we're not really art guys, but I was like whatever We'll check out some art how hard can that be you know We go to the museum. We're like three paintings it pretend this is a painting right we walk up to it He's like this wow that is beautiful Feel that I swear to god this is like an adult male American man just like oh wow he's making this face like Like he's an intellectual like taking it And I was like are you joking because if you're kidding that's hilarious. I don't want to I don't want to mess up a joke if you're doing a bit that's very good, but He was like what And then I had to tell him like earnestly. I was like you don't touch paintings Then he goes why and that's when I realized I'm only a little bit smarter than him I was like I actually don't know why Um It is dry The guy that painted it's dead and I was like you know what fuck maybe I'm wrong maybe you can touch paintings I'm in India and I just started touching it Touches paintings by the way that's a fun term for your friend who's kind of a dumb dumb, you know Like I grew up in the 90s and we used the word retarded a lot That was a big Word yeah, that's no good now. I mean That's a swear. I don't know if they emailed you guys or whatever, but that's out you'll get fired for that shit, but But touches paintings that's kind of a nice replacement, you know I'm talking like I'm talking for you like friends. You know what I mean like your buddy who's like kind of a dumb dumb you're like Speedy touches paintings. He's a fun guy. You're gonna like He goes to the museum he touches the paintings. You're gonna like him He's a fun settlement on you in this guy get him Get him some paintings to touch. I just think I'm just trying to be more progressive, you know Like I got this right you're a friend like this. I was talking to my buddy the other day I couldn't sleep sometimes you have trouble sleeping, you know you get anxiety. I told my buddy I was like man. I couldn't sleep last night. He goes oh you got to sleep I Like no, I know I Wanted to sleep you're misunderstanding. I'm not I'm not quitting sleeping I'd like to sleep again. I enjoy it. I just Many tags that he goes lack of sleep can lead to dementia Nice Glad I brought this up with you and not somebody else That's gonna help me tonight because last night like an idiot. I was tossing and turning not thinking about dementia, but tonight I'll contemplate dementia that'll help me I don't think that's accurate by the way. I don't think Dimensions more than that. It's like genetics and shit You know just like have a night of not sleeping in your forties and wake up like a shit in your pants like who the hell are you? I couldn't sleep last night. What is this? Is that too dark? All right, well Here's some good sleep advice by the way. I don't know if you ever heard this cow backwards from 500 to fall asleep If you ever heard that that's like to fall asleep because it focuses you on something So your brain's not going haywire But then it's like boring enough that you'll fall asleep. That's good advice. It works. It works if it works If it doesn't work, it's like a countdown to homicidal breakdown You start counting you getting the 20s you're like I don't think this is working out for me, you know There's no way you're going to be like three two Wow, my god, I'm out How did they time that so good? Fantastic I was talking about how I could be a pilot. I don't think I could be a pilot. That was just kidding But I do think here's the job I think I could do. I think I could be a 9-1-1 operator. You guys ever I know that's like whatever, but I watch a lot of murder docs and trials and shit Are these like the meanest people we have in our society? Every 9-1-1 call is like 9-1-1 emergency. What's your emergency? It's always like a woman who's like my house is on fire And then the first thing they're always like man calm down like right That's the go-to opener calm down She's like, I'm sorry. It's just I have pets in their own fire bitch shut the fuck up I'm like How long are these ships? Why are they so Kurt I think I'd be good. I'm like a very empathetic person. I'd be like 9-1-1 And then they're like my husband's been shot now. I'd be like oh My god. Are you serious? She was Wow She's like, what do I do? And I'm like therapy. I don't know. I think that's gonna Yikes I Almost got 9-1-1 recently. I was I was walking I was here in the village right on this street And I was walking up the street and then there was an old lady walking like a little way like a like old old old like Like teradactyl old, you know She was like, and then she trip this happened right over here. She tripped and fell like pretty hard She was she didn't hit her face or anything, but she landed like pretty hard on her hands and knees And I'm like, I'm a hero. That's what this story is about And I kind of like jogged over and I was like, man, are you okay? I saw the whole I could call 9-1-1 or Or a family member and she was like, I think I'm okay And I was like okay, and then while I was doing it this other guy came over and just like stepped in between it He was like, oh little lady you all right there And I was like, what the fuck is this? Were you crazy? I was like, that's my old lady. I got her. I'm on it. I got cocked by some guy in the street And he was like, big too. Like he like helped her up with one arm and she like put her hand on his chest and she was like, oh dear She was like, I'm so glad you came by and I was like, I came by. Are you kidding? And he walked her away like a dick like he was getting like married like, oh And then he actually had like the gall to walk back over to me. He was like, that was crazy, huh? And I was like, what you did was crazy. You piece of shit Him I would have shot that's somebody I would have happily been like Anyways Sorry I have a reflex problem and I've been blowing the homeless guys so they won't beat me up and Go ahead and cut that also I don't know why I thought I would say that We should start over because you guys really loosened up around the 40 minute mark I noticed which is not ideal for a special I'll be like one of those TV shows you're like you got to give it time, but it picks up around the 50th minute people really start enjoying it I'll tell you this story then I gotta go like I said I travel a lot this happened to me recently I was like I had some gig I forget where it was it was like a long travel day You know, you're like a long travel day. You can't eat a full meal. So you're like starving, right? I was like so hungry And then I landed and I was very hungry, but I also had I don't want to get too weird to like gross whatever But someday I'm gonna do a clean special a little bit great, but I had to shit also Which is kind of rare that you're hungry and you have to shit those are usually separate, right? It's weird when you're like I need food in both directions right now Anyways, I landed and I was like I'll order a pee you guys know me. I like to order a pizza so I I checked in checked into the hotel order to pizza Then I checked in the hotel that I went up I used the bathroom and I don't want to get into the the gory details But the twelika clogged no no fault of my own it was an old hotel. I like to wipe a lot The twelika clogged which is embarrassing because now I have to call the front desk Which is weird because I just met this woman like three minutes earlier. I gotta be like hey It's me again Sorry, I was rushing you earlier. I was keeping a secret the whole time we were talking and now you know But she was very sweet she was very discreet. She's like I'll send maintenance and I was like great. Thank you That about 25 minutes bad. This is I swear to God. This is a true story about 20 minutes past I got a knock on the door. I opened the door and I swear to God. There's a pizza delivery guy and a plumber just standing Just looking at each other like are you I don't like you're both in the right place boys come on in I had him like you you're in there you're over here with me and I think legally we all have to fuck right now because This is the most perfect porn plot This might already exist pizza delivery plumber nerd or whatever I Pizza guys like I'm here to stuff you up The plumber's like I'm gonna unclog your pipes And I'm on the bed and I'm like I hope you brought enough for everybody All right you guys are amazing. Thank you guys very much. Thanks for coming Thanks a lot. Appreciate it Thank you you I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing.
Ladies and gentlemen, Kelsey Cook! Jennifer, how are you feeling? Wow, I think you guys so much for coming out. Feel so good to be back in the land of hot, outdoorsy couples. Look at all of you. It's a treat for my eyeballs. I love it. Except I could never tell with you Denver dudes if you're actually hot or if you just have facial hair. You know what I mean? You guys always have a hat, mustache, beard, an IPA blocking your nose and mouth. I'm like, are you attractive? You just cover a 90% of your face. Because we all think that cats are cute until you see a hairless cat. And then you're like, kill it with fire. No. Any time I've seen one I've been like, is it sick? And the owner's always like, no, we actually paid $5,000 for him. So I'm like, for gollum with a collar? Why? I'm gonna just blow my nose into Kleenex and hand it at you for free. It looks the same. It's just runny shapes. I don't like it. I'm glad you guys came out. I know that everybody said a really crazy past couple years. I hadn't especially crazy 2020. I actually got divorced a week before COVID hit. Yeah. So who's ready for some comedy? I just start crying. No, it's okay. I think the craziest part about getting divorced is having to change your emergency contact back to your mom. It would be less embarrassing to use a stranger from Craigslist. True like. But other than that, it went pretty smoothly. Like, we still have a lot of love and respect for each other. He's also a comedian, so we didn't have a lot of assets to split up. It's not like there was a summer house and a boat. It was like, do you want the Batman begins DVD? Who gets the good spatula? And after some time had passed, we decided that we were going to try and be friends again. And that's always a little weird. The first time you try hanging out with an ex as a friend. When he saw me, he fist bumped me. I was like, well, honestly, I would rather have you fist me. That would feel less physically uncomfortable. Then this night, Mary, you just put us through. Hey, to that. Absolutely not. And I've had the deadly peanut allergy for most of my life. So for the eight years we were together, he had a stop eating peanut products. Because if he did and then kissed me, my throat could close. So when I saw him, I was like, oh, what's a like to eat peanut butter again? He goes, oh man, we should have broken up a long time ago. I don't even blame him. Have you had peanut butter? I can't compete with that. I hate that the person I'm with has to give that up. That puts way too much pressure on me to be worth the trade off. Right? Like, you're going to rob a man of Reese's for the rest of his life. Bitch, you better be pretty open-minded in the bedroom. I'm going to make a man stop swallowing something delicious. Well, get ready to start swallowing something gross. You had to fill the void that snickers left. I'm missionary with the lights offing and I cut it anymore. So I had to learn some new moves and watch some tutorials. That's what I call porn. It's just, uh, just educational for me now. I just watch with a little notepad like, oh, pretend to gag. Seems good. I do think it's easy when you get married to stop trying as hard in bed, but God, if you get divorced and you start trying a date again, it's like having to come back out of retirement. You know, it's like you got to start stretching, get ready to run another BJ5K. Like, no, I just did this. If somebody moved the finish line back another 10 years, oh, can't even see it. Do we have any married people here tonight? That was a pretty sad sound. You guys were faking it a little bit. So I mean, you just treated it like a silent auction. You were like, it's just so sad. Anybody here been married for a really long time, like over 20 years? You guys are so cute. How long have they married? 21, give it up for 21. That's a long time. Yeah. So you guys get it. If you've been working the same job for over two decades, you start to cut some corners. Right. But if it is your first week at a new blow job, you are hustling. You're just starting. I'm sure you do to figure it out by now that the best blow job you ever get from us is the first blow job. Because women were so competitive, we know that you're about to compare us to every other one you've ever had. So we just enter the arena that night like I will be queen. Give me that. Pull out all our tips and tricks, hurt our knees, throw our back out. We want a trophy. We will give head to get ahead. But then you get married and you start to treat blow jobs like you're assembly Nike furniture. Just skip a few steps and by the end you're like, next time I'm hiring somebody else to do this. Low righty tidy lefty, you'll see the skin of hell out of here. We got to go to Costco. I tried to avoid the whole post break up identity crisis. One of my friends went through a break up and she got this dramatic haircut afterward as a revenge move against Rex. She's like, if he sees me, he's going to know he missed out on this whole other me. Like a guy has ever seen a haircut and been like, I never got a fuck asymmetrical lob Lisa. Bullshit. You guys never know when we change our hair, right? You're not even observing of yourselves. Before the divorce, I was cuddling with my ex and I felt like my leg had been stabbed. I looked down. His toenails looked like he cut them with his teeth. They were all jagged. He could unlock a secret door in a haunted house. I was like, do you have a best friend with a matching jagged toenail? You put them together and make a best friend like this? Is that what you're doing? I turned his toe into a prison ship. I was like, what is this? He goes, I just didn't notice. Oh, I sure did. When you shanked my Achilles tendon, I'm bleeding out. I feel like this stuff only gets worse with you guys with age. We've all seen the really old men with thick tuffs of raccoon hair growing out of their ears. I'm sure that guy's wife has been telling him to trim it for years and he just can't hear her. You want my hat? It's like yelling into a fan. It's coming right back in your face. I just sat next to a very old man on a plane recently and I had my notebook out and he leans over and goes, it's nice to see somebody riding and nod on their phone. When I was like, he doesn't know I'm riding jokes about cum. I was like, oh, suddenly candy crush doesn't seem so bad, huh, Wendell? When I booped him, booped him on the nose. Love that Wendell. Does feel a little weird to start over now in my 30s, but at least I know now what I like, don't like in a relationship. For example, I don't care about my body. I don't care about my body. I don't care how hot you are. I'm still never going to eat your ass. Not a fan of the devil's chocolate. No, thank you. And I'm fair about it. I don't ask anybody to eat my neither. Okay. There's no need. Women have a lot of holes down there. It's like a mini golf course. Just skip the one that's in a lagoon. Just... Don't even look at it. I have never wanted to do that to one of you guys. Most of you dudes have real blue collar ass holes. Not a lot of maintenance going on back there. That thing works at loads. I don't trust you. I don't trust it. It's like blindly sticking your face between two couch cushions. It's just... Goldfish crackers. Part of a broken Christmas ornament. It's a choking hazard, frankly. I'm not going to swallow a paperclip so you can come a new way. And that is the joke I wrote next to Wendell on the plate. Now you know. And I don't know if I'm alone in this. But I didn't even hear about eating ass until later on in life. And when I did, I was like, Why is that even on the menu? Because I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to eat it. Because I'm not going to eat it. Because I'm not going to eat it. Because I'm not going to eat it. Because I'm not going to eat it. You go to hell. I'm not going to eat it. And keep eating sane. You don't know how to use RPD understand how the people who are eating ass all the time aren't getting violently ill. I have been washing my produce for 32 years to avoid equal life. Bob's supposed to take my mouth and go straight to the source. Just drink from the hose. I don't trust you dudes to wash a frying pan correctly. Let alone your assholes. Not dying at 32 from Brad's butthole. Dreams and goals to accomplish. Have you guys been drinking tonight? Wow. You're fucking hammered Christ. I've knocked me backward. Some of my friends actually got sober during quarantine. And if I'm being honest with you, I found it unacceptable. I was like, I just got divorced and needed to ramp it up with me. Now is not the time for you to be a better person. You're actually being selfish. Some of them took the AA quiz online so I took it with them and it turns out it makes everybody sound like they're an alcoholic. The next question is, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood? Like, is there any other reason? Who was like, no one minute for the acne and diarrhea? I'm a purist. The second question is, after consuming alcohol, have you ever done something you've regretted? Do you mean literally every time? Who's getting drunk and doing the Lord's work? I've never had five margarines and been like, all right, time to donate blood. I've passed this party on to someone in need. My biggest regrets stem from alcohol. When I was in college, I used to take shots of gin and chase them with deli meat. You know your white trash when your cocktails involve ham? And it's not great. But I feel like if you're broken college, you form weird habits like that. Like if you don't have a dishwasher, you try and cook using as few dishes as possible. I wouldn't know if you guys do this. Like, if you want banana on your cereal, but you don't want to get a knife dirty, do you ever just tear pieces off with your teeth and then... No. The creatures come out at night. I didn't even know that was weird until my ex caught me doing it. And was like, are you mama birding yourself? You need to get some help. I was like, I learned this while I worked at IHOP. So I don't want to hear it. Time is money. I'm being efficient. You know, like that Disney villain laugh in a shadows? What the fuck was that? I like that on the special. That's good. Keep that weird shit up. I did so much drunk shit in college. At one point, my friends and I went to Vegas. I got hammered. I ate a bunch of food, passed out, woke up the next morning, went to the pool. And when I looked down, there was like white powdery stuff in my belly button. And I was like, oh god. Did I do coke for the first time last night? And so I touched it, and I tasted it. And I was like, oh, Parmesan cheese. My friends told me that apparently I ate seven slices of pizza, like a wild boar. And then the process just jumped a loose quarter cup of bar down my shirt. And then let it collect in my belly button, like some sort of pizza hutsch stripper. So, made some really good choices in my life. I do think I made an actual good choice recently. I just quit being vegan after a year and a half of doing it. I'm back, baby! Back in these meat streets. Oh, man. Does it feel good to have friends again? Yeah. No one wants you around. My ex-husband and I, we went vegan together on January 1st, 2020. And then two months later, we were divorced. Am I saying that veganism ruins my... Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if we kept on eating nachos, we would have been too happy and too sleepy to notice our problems. There's not a lot of divorce in the Midwest. People think it's religion. It's cheese curts. Cheese can do what God can't. A couple hasn't had sex in 20 years. But they eat a cheese curtain and go, you know what? One more day. I'll think about divorce tomorrow, but right now, I'm gonna face fuck this cheddar. I'm gonna get lost in this plate. So, I just saw something online that burned my eyes. I just found out that I'm on wiki feet. Does anybody here know what wiki feet is? A few of you nodding. A lot of dudes that are like, don't make eye contact with me right now. If you don't know what wiki feet is, it's a website for people with foot fetishes. So, women, if you post a photo on Instagram that shows your little tootsies, the foot folks might do a copy and paste onto wiki feet and then zoom in on your toes and make their keyboard sticky. I know. It's like scrapbooking for men who need Jesus. It's a nice hobby. I know that sounds like I'm King Shaman. I'm really not trying to. Honestly, I am so jealous that some people can get off from that. Like, I wish I could just stare to dudes hairy kneecap. And get tingles in my basement. What a life. I would live on wiki knees. Oh, have we get nothing done? So much harder than that. So, somebody told me that there's this profile of me on wiki feet. And at first, I heard that I was like, oh, is that mean I have hot feet? Hmm. I'm so flattered. Then when I looked, I saw that the foot fetish community has rated my feet only 2.3 out of 5 stars. Which they call OK feet. I was like, oh, apparently I have apple-bees feet. It's like, you'll put it in your mouth, but you won't tell anybody about it. I think about 2 for Tuesday deal. And a few months before the pandemic hit, some dude slid into my DMs and just said, two grand for foot-vid. Now, Denver, make some noise if you would send a video of your feet to a stranger for $2,000. Oh, my God. Godless animals, all of ya. My ears. Jesus. Somebody just throw your ariola up on Facebook for $1. Hanson, Uncle, CNN, you don't give a shit. And you're like, venmo me my dollar, Aunt Sherry, I earned this. This is a solid nip. Well, I appreciate your honesty. I wasn't quite as sure about it. That's all you were. I was like, I don't know this guy. He's going to have a video of my feet for the rest of his life. It's too weird. I'm not doing it. But then COVID hit. And I lost all my comedy work. So two days later, I wrote him back. I got desperate so fast. I was like, all right, man, 2 grand from the feet. I'm ready. Let's do it. And he never responded. I got ghosted by the foot guy. Do you know how humiliating it feels to lower your morals and your values? Only to have a foot guy be like, no, I'm good now. Like what? What happened? It's like the smelly kid coming up to you at prom and you're like, all right, fine, one dance. And he's like, I was just going to ask you where the bathroom is. You're like, fuck you, Travis. Out of here. Just trying to be nice. I love my mom so much. She's amazing. But she's been trying to give me career advice and none of it's helpful. You know, she doesn't understand that there are different levels of fame and comedy. She thinks that all comics are best friends. She'll be like, why don't you call Jerry Seinfeld? And ask to do comedians and cars getting coffee. And I'm like, mom, I can't even get a guy to jerk off to my feet. Let's lower expectations. Like this is where my career is at. I have a Fuseball web series on YouTube. Okay, I'm like here. When my mom heard that, she goes, you know who I bet. Would love to do your YouTube show. Ellen DeGeneres. I was like, oh, you bet, huh? Well, let's put some money on it because I bet she fucking wouldn't. If I win, you have to let me back on your cell phone plan. She's always trying to find ways to get me on television. Like when she heard I was getting divorced, she sent me a text that said, now that you're single, you can go on the bachelor or Miss America. It's like, yeah, because marriage is what was holding me back. From becoming Miss America. Pretty sure a part of the qualifications include, Hasn't been paid in Jello Shots to tell dick jokes. So I don't think I'm getting it. Let's talk about the Fuseball web series. So my entire family and I are actually world champion Fuseball players. Thank you. I know it sounds made up. I swear it's real. My parents met playing in a professional Fuseball tournament in the 80s. So I literally wouldn't exist if it weren't for Fuseball. Which is sad. But you know, some of you wouldn't exist if it weren't for boxed wine. So it's like, yeah, whatever. We're all a little garbage. It's not judge each other. It gets rid of not only is my dad a pro Fuseball player. He's also a slam poetry champion. And an international yo-yo man. Yeah. My dad has the sex appeal of a fanny pack. Crush in it. And my mom is in the Fuseball Hall of Fame. And they've been training me to play since I was like two years old. But since no one suspects that I'm a pro Fuseball player, I love to hustle people. And so I usually play against other comedians on my web series. But we did this special episode where I went undercover in Vegas. And I hustled drunk dudes on the Vegas strip. So I wore this low cut top. I talked in the worst voice. And my camera crew and I would go up to groups of guys and I go, hi, my name's Kelsey. And I have this web series where I do things that I've never done before for the first time. It's called Pop My Cherry. It's silly, you know. So I've never played Fuseball before and we just found this table. And I was just wondering if you guys want to play me. And every group of guys is like, oh yeah, bitch, let's go. Yeah, player I know. So I would play the first game terribly on purpose. Right, I would giggle a bunch, spin the rods a lot, really build up their confidence. And then I go, okay, so I think I've got to hang of it now. And this is Vegas. So we should play for money. And every guy would put their whole wallet on the table. And they'd hand me the ball and go, here, you can serve first. And that's when I pull out my Fuseball grip glove. Checkmate, motherfucker. Yeah, I've never done cocaine, but I would assume it's a similar rush. I've only done Parmesan cheese, which also exhilarating. A lot cheaper. So I mentioned that, I'm not going to say that I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. So I mentioned that my ex and I, we were together for a really long time. So we knew so much about each other. But one thing that he didn't know about me until toward the end, I told him that sometimes I pee in the shower. And by sometimes, I mean every time. And don't you guys act like you don't do it too. We are all swamp monsters. There is no drug in the history of time with a higher addiction rate than peeing in the shower. You think you're better than that? You think you're above doing it? And then you let yourself do it one time. And you're like, I guess I'm doing this every day for the rest of my life. It is the best. I feel like I'm on vacation every day. Just care for you, Livin. And I thought that he and I were going to bond over it. Maybe we had the same dirty little secret. And instead, he was like, what? Oh, gross. That means every time I shower, just been standing in your pee. I was like, I do it while I'm showering. Like the water takes it down the drain immediately. You're acting like I walk into our bathroom. Drop my pants, stand in the shower, and just piss on dry porcelain like a cereal killer. And then get out, put my pants back on, and just leave you a puddle of urine like a feral cat. I was like, I'm going to start peeing on your pillow, give me some real problems. This is nonsense. One of my friends told me that apparently we're all supposed to throw our pillows away once a year and get new ones. You guys been doing that? Feels good to be gross together, huh? We all have such a weird attitude toward pillows, because they cost like ten bucks. But we all keep the same disgusting pillows for decades. Like it's the great depression. Like we're some old prospector. Like, well, this year's the pillow they gave me at the orphanage, and we got damned if this ain't the same pillow I'd die with. Why? Pillow's antels, right? Like we never get rid of towels. They just eventually become the ones you like dry the dog with. Where are you holding on to so many? Do we all think we're going to have like a home birth someday? Yeah, sobs some stuff up. My grandparents' towels are historical artifacts at this point. I don't know if you visited your elders recently. They have washcloths that look like they were woven from wheat. And like, did this belong to Jesus? I feel like I'm drying my face with a trisket. My eyelids are bleeding. So I got on dating apps for the first time last year. And they let me on to the celebrity dating app, which, listen, obviously they use the term celebrity real loosely. Okay. If they saw my wiki feet, they'd be like, absolutely not. We got... She can't sit with us. Yeah, they let in somebody who's 32 and still shops at Forever 21. So I for sure checked them. I know that store is trash, but I just can't stop going. I just love it so much. The last time I was there, I told the girl the register that I found a makeup stain on this tank top I wanted. And I asked if I could get a discount. And she just stared at me with dead eyes and was like, It's already only 2.99. Like... Do you want us to just give you the tank top? And pay off your student loans. This is Forever 21, everything stained. It's basically an animal shelter. God, I love that store. The first date I went on through the celebrity app was such a disaster. I went out with this guy who was from Europe originally. So yeah, this really thick European accent. And some of the words he said sounded like other words. So he's telling me about his cat and he goes, Yeah, you know, I love my cat, but he rapes my shirt. And my brain was like, That can't be right. No. So I sat with it for a second and I was like, Oh, oh, he rips your shirts. Okay, sorry, I just, I thought you said that he rapes your shirts. And with zero hesitation, this dude goes, Yeah, no, he rapes my shirts and I don't understand why. Because he's neutered, but he will not stop raping my shirts. So then I had to hide my shirts and then I gave him a blanket. And now that's his rape blanket. And I'm like, what the fuck am I on a hidden camera show? Where if this dude says rape 18 times before dessert, he wins a jet ski? Is this one of 10 Bundy's kids? I just started covering all my holes. I was like, I don't like this. This is a bad, bad vibe. So I was like, I'm going to give this five more minutes. So he starts telling me that he goes on boats a lot. And I was like, Oh, you ever worry about shark attacks? And I swear to God, he goes, Yeah, no, you don't really have to worry about sharks so much. But you do have to worry about dolphins because they are the rapists of the scene. I was like, All right, I'm out of here. Bye. Enjoy the jet ski. I'm sure you won. And lunatic. That was my first dating app experience. Fortunately, it's been better since then. I'm seeing a guy in his 40s now. He has adult children. Okay, he has lived more life than I have. He knows more things. And I told him that I was hesitant to hook up with them the first time because I was on my period. And he goes, Oh, good. You guys are ever grossed out by that. You're just shutting your uterine lining. I was like, That is the hottest thing that anybody's ever said to me. I didn't even know that's what happens during my period. I was like, Okay, Grace and that of me. The bar is said real low after all rate blanket. So I just do a gentle hop over into my heart, you know, with your snapple fun facts about periods. Well, I don't know any of those things. Somebody could come up to me on the street with a microphone and be like, Ma'am, for a million dollars. What happened during your period? And I'd be like, I'm going to go with the egg is melting. And be like, were you homeschooled? My parents were playing foosball. I don't know. And teach me these things. He's also the first guy I've ever been with who has had a sect to me. So I had some questions about that. I was like, when you finish, is it clear? Like that white gatorade flavor? Just have glacier frost on tap? What's going on? I'm just trying to prepare myself. I was like, does it taste better when there aren't kids in it? It's like, maybe it's just air, right? Like one of those pressurized keyboard dusters that's like, she'll like, oh, startles you. You got to point it away or you'll lose an eye. You maybe fix a tire. Finally, I just went, Bill and I on his ass. I was like, I am blowing you in the name of science. This is field research at this point. And it turns out it's like normal. I guess it's kind of like, beyond burger? Like it looks the same. And then once it's in your mouth, you're like, something's missing. This is like, diet cum. It's another joke I wrote next to Wendell. He got an eye full of that flight. I saw some things. A lot of my friends are getting engaged and married right now. And one of them just had an engagement party with her fiance. And they played one of those games where they have signs that say, him and her and they held them up when they got asked questions. Like, who's the better cook? Who takes longer to get ready? Mayor. We're all just like, oh my god. Like you guys are getting married. Let's get into some real shit. Who has a drinking problem? Who's settling? I'm like, let me run this game. We'll call it getting cold feet. Let's test drive this son of a gun. So one of the things that I learned that was hard and going from being married and living with somebody for eight years and being single and living alone is that no one touches you anymore. And I know it sounds weird to say it like that. But if you live with somebody, there's like a fair amount of touching that happens throughout the day. So my lowest point in quarantine, I started watching ASMR videos on YouTube where a girl would hold a hair brush up to the camera lens. And she would simulate that she was brushing your hair. And I would just ram my forehead up against my laptop. Like, oh, pet me, Rachel. You dirty bitch. As soon as businesses opened up, I made all of the touching appointments. I was like, I'm getting a massage. I'm getting a manicure. Look, I made a dentist appointment just because I'm misfeeling somebody in my mouth. Okay, don't you judge me. It was hard. My dentist is this like 65-year-old Armenian man. I was like, flasadab, daddy. He was your toys. He was like, I prefer you call them tools. I was like, Demetri, I need this. How's your lips? Just tell me when to spit. One of the appointments I had made was for a bikini wax. And I had been going to salons before COVID to get bikini waxes. I had tried doing some of those like, at home kits. And I just learned that there are some parts of my nuthers that I do not have the strength of spirit to wax myself. Listen to me, if you can wax your own lips, you're a psychopath. That is some Steve O'Jackass level masochism. I want no part of it. So I had been going to the salons, and then the salons closed for six months, and things got scary. There's so many beautiful women here tonight. I feel like a lot of women started 2020 with like, a landing strip. And by July it was just a full airport. You can land anywhere. There's a cinnabon and a panda express. There's a shuttle that takes you to a rental car lot. I mean, employees, W9s, it's a lot going on. So finally, the salons open back up, and I immediately made an appointment. And I remembered there's that rule that the hair has to be at least a quarter inch long in order for the wax to be able to pick it up. And... Do we need a medic? Are you okay? Too much for you. She's like, it's a 730 show. I didn't know what this was. I don't like hockey, and we had a group on, but I... She's like, this is not the Christian way. I'm sorry. Oh yeah. So I remembered there's that rule that the hair has to be at least a quarter inch long in order for the wax to be able to pick it up. And I looked down and was like, well, that's not going to be a problem. But for the first time in my life, I worried that maybe it's bad if the hair is longer than a quarter inch. So I called the salon. So embarrassing. I was like, hey, I have an appointment today. Spent a rough quarantine. Is there like a maximum hair requirement? And this poor girl just goes, I mean, how long are we talking? And I wasn't prepared to answer that. So I panicked and was like, we could probably donate it. No. I don't know if locks of love specifies which type of hair they accept, but maybe somebody needs fake eyelashes. I don't know. We don't know where that hair comes from. I'll just throw them on and pray in, but it could be pubes. Basically, I feel like a lot of us were walking around, kind of looking like the opposite of a porn star in 2020, right? Which is totally fine. My friend Jay actually told me that my celebrity look alike. Is this porn star named Jesse Rogers? So I googled her. And the first picture that popped up was her doing hardcore anal. And got a little creeped out, realizing that my friend Jay saw that and thought, you know who this reminds me of old, gaping, but whole, Kelsuru. Yeah. Old back door cook. Look at her go. A plus. What is the matter with you Jay? But by the way, it's so nice to be able to tell that joke in person again, because I've had to tell it on mostly virtual shows the past two years. And I realized that halfway through the joke, everybody would just open a new browser. It would just get really quiet. And I'd be like, hello? Everybody show me your hands. I don't trust you. What are you doing? I had to check into a hotel on the road recently. And it was early in the morning and the woman checking me out, which is a little older. And she goes, I just have to tell you, you look so much like Amy Adams. I don't know if you ever hear that, but you really look like her. And it took all of my strength to not pull my phone out and be like, you know who everybody else says I look like? It's really blaster with a B hole at 8 a.m. I just couldn't do it. I do think that, Jesse Rogers and I, we do look alike. We have some different hobbies. I've never just sat on a lava lamp. For example. My ex has been and I, we didn't even buy a sex toy until seven years into their relationship. We had just been Flintstone in that shit. Just very little house on the prairie. Just churn and butter, very innocent. We didn't buy one of those vibrating, want things. And I got to be honest, never liked it. Way too intense for me. Even on the lowest setting, this thing is like for blasting rocks. I was like, is this where you women have been using this whole time? I barely touched it to my body. My feet lifted off the ground. I took flight. I was not turned on and all. I was terrified. I was like, did I just puree my clit? Oh my god. No, no, no, no, no, no. This thing is meant for industrial kitchens, okay? It's for liquefying raw vegetables. It's crazy. So I ended up asking some of my friends about it and it turns out that they have this toy and they use it on the highest setting in order to have an orgasm. I was like, how have you not completely erased your vagina? You can just sand it it down to a smooth slab of granite. Like a Barbie crotch. Go bowling on it. And so then I've learned about you dudes. It's not a lot of you guys like stuff that vibrates too. So one night before the divorce, my ex and I were out drinking. I had a few gin and hands. As you do. And when we got home, I just feel a little extra spicy. So I decided to crank it to 10 just to see what would happen. And the moment I touched it to his junk, his balls, whoop! When up inside his body, I didn't even know they could do that. I was just staring out and I'm like, oh. Do they stay up there until you sneeze really hard? How are you getting back? Have to do a hard man kegel? A couple minutes went by. Didn't see anything. I panicked. I started pushing on his belly bone really hard. Trying to eject quarters out of a ski ball machine. I was like, come on. Yeah, they're. Another few minutes. Still nothing. I was like, I think those are ovaries now. I'm sorry. I think I gave you an accidental gender change. Oops. So I'm in therapy. Anybody here in therapy? Oh, wow. That's a nice response. Usually it's just one person that's like, help. He's talking. Yeah, I think therapy is amazing. But I guess not everybody always needs therapy. Some people do need therapy. And you can usually tell who those people are because they say things like, I don't need any fucking therapy. I prefer to be a burden to my loved ones. You're like, sir, this isn't an Arby's. Why are you shouting? You're alarming the children. I had to work on my self-worth in therapy because I kept attracting some of the wrong people. One of my friends told me this quote. She said, once you know your worth, you'll stop giving people discounts. And I was like, well, slap my tits and call me Groupon, baby. Boy, I'm an out here like, hey, you got a personality disorder. And no job. This pussy's 90% off. Hey, hey, hey, hey. No credit. No problem. Get in here. That makes it sound like my life has been a dick buffet. It has not. I have a very low body count. I love it. That's what we call it. Body count, like we're all just fucking people to death. Like, dee-e. That sounds so system of a down for no reason. You know? I think I would have a higher body count if STDs didn't exist. But I'm just so terrified to ever get one that I don't want to gamble. Like, I just can't believe that in 2022, our best defense against them is still just condoms in the oner system. Scouts on her, bro. I'm like, you lied about your height. I'm supposed to trust you on Columbia. No. Okay, Crockes. Get out of here. I was reading online that some of the very first condoms back in the 1800s were really thick. Like, they used to basically just cut up bike tires. And they've obviously gotten thinner over time, which I'm sure was a guy's idea. You know? I bet the women back then were pissed. Like, keep it girthy. Keep that deep dish condom on. We don't have electricity. This is the only joy I have. I had a woman come to one of my shows recently, who I think was from the 1800s. She was very old. And she came up to me afterward. And she was like, I was a makeup artist for 30 years. And at this point, I'm thinking, I think she's about to compliment my makeup. That's so nice. And then she goes, your face was so oily when you were on stage. It was the only thing I could look at. The lights were heading at so bright that I had to squint to look at you. And that's when I heard my brain say, well, tonight's the night we go to jail for throat-punching someone's nana. Do you just hit a certain age where you walk around like, fuck it, burn it to the ground? Is this traumatizing people? I'm like, who is this woman's poor husband? You know, we gotta save him. I just picture him getting out of the shower and she's like, your balls make me sick. Of course, I didn't say any of that to her. I was just like, what powder do you recommend? I have no backbone. I've also become self-conscious of this very specific thing. Did you girls have that dress code in middle school? Were you had to wear shorts that were longer than the length of your fingertips to your sides? Okay. All right, to prevent girls from wearing booty shorts. So that was the day I learned I have freakishly long arms. For my short height. I'm only 5'4". All the girls had a line up. We put our arms down. I don't know if you can see what's happening right now. I'll show you on this side, too. But I did this and I looked down and I was like, oh no. I'm gonna have to wear men's jean coat jeans to not get expelled. I'm just rolling in a homeic with my chain wallet and lugs like... I spigged these muffins, Diane. The third member of the insane clown posse. I don't know much about the insane clown posse, but it does make me laugh. Picture those guys having to take their makeup off at the end of the night. Because they seem so tough on stage. I'm gonna stab this dude and bang your chick. And then two hours later, they're like, these new Tegina wipes are lovely. Don't burn my eyes. So before I started headlining, I used to open on tour for a comedian named Jim Norton. Anybody here, Jim Norton fan? Nice. Got some Jim heads in the house. So Jim's favorite thing to do is to humiliate people. And I made the mistake of telling him that I embarrassed very easily for a comedian. And he just milked that every day for three years on tour. When we were in public, he would constantly accuse me of shoplifting. We would be checking out at a CVS pharmacy and just deadpan in the city. And he would turn to me and go, are you not gonna pay for all the things in your purse? And I would just start shivering like a shelter to Owl. I would just end up paying for lipstick that I've owned for five years. I was like, just take my money. I'm so sorry. I hate this. I was traumatizing. By far, the most embarrassing thing he would do, he would do with his bodyguard. We traveled with this seven-foot tall guy named Kenny. Picture Frankenstein with less people skills. Just an oaf. And I don't know if you women have ever ordered anything on VictoriaSecret.com, but sometimes you get that free tote bag with purchase. If you have even a shred of self-respect, you immediately throw it in the garbage, where it belongs. I used it as my day-to-day purse for seven years. I have no dignity. And so I said, VictoriaSecret and big letters on the sides. It's very obnoxious. And I would travel with this. So when we were on tour, we'd have to get to the airport at five in the morning. And you guys know how you look at the airport at 5am, right? Just greasy, disheveled, gross. So I'd look like that. I'd have this bag. And everybody's just quietly shuffling about the airport. And all of a sudden, his bodyguard would shout, VictoriaSecret model coming through. LAUGHTER LAUGHTER LAUGHTER And everybody, and I mean everybody, would stop and look at me wide-eyed and then go, LAUGHTER LAUGHTER Do you know how quickly your self-esteem goes in the toilet? When you can watch 100 people decide in half a second, no, she's not. Like, right. It's going to go walk into traffic now, thanks. LAUGHTER So I'm from Washington State originally, and they just passed this new legislation that is banning schools from continuing to use Native American mascots, which is great. And the high school I went to, our mascot was the Blackhawks. And it takes a linguistic specialist to tell the difference between somebody saying, Blackhawks? LAUGHTER And Blackhawks? And let me tell you, it was pretty wild growing up, going to football games, and watching a dozen cheerleaders shout to a stand of parents. We love Blackhawks, yes we do, we love Blackhawks, how about you? LAUGHTER And then watching everybody on the other team be like, what the fuck? LAUGHTER It's like the mating call of the Kardashians. LAUGHTER So I had my bachelor at party down in Vegas, and we went to the Magic Mike live show. Has anybody here been to the Magic Mike live show? Oh, we got a few. Oh, are you still wet? Hey! Girl, it is crazy what happens at the show. They brought it back during COVID, which surprised me because if we are concerned about droplets, women are gushing fluid at the show. Medically, it's a problem. OK, it changes the humidity in the room. Women with straight hair leave with curly hair. It's like a rainforest cafe in there. That air is thick. Three seas. But now that the show is back, you gotta go. Oh, it is the cream of the cock. Just... Chef's kiss. For two hours, these oiled up six packs just grind the stage, they sink to you, they liquid cream off your body, and then they bring some women on stage, and then they take your top off, and then they take your pants off, and then they fuck you. No, I'm kidding. I just want to see how far you guys are going, man. Did you hear how quiet it got here? Could you feel every woman just slowly leaning further forward, and then you see the... Pulling out her phone, checking flights to Vegas. A taxi. Were you like, was I in the bathroom when that happened? I missed that. No, they don't do that. That'd be pretty dope. Probably charge a lot more for tickets. But you do get a lot free of money. At the end of the show, they do bring some women on stage, and then they put you in harnesses, and they put one of the guys beneath you, and you get to ride the men into the sky, like free willy. They get you horneer than you've ever been in your entire life, and then they just set you loose. Back into the wild. Single dudes, if you were ever trying to fuck in Vegas, just go stand outside the magic mic exit. Like a catcher. Running out of there, holes open like a starfish. Ready to go. That's something TripAdvisor doesn't tell you, and that's what I'm here for. I'm like, your creepy uncle. Just helping you get laid. I would like to go back to the show, but not for anything, what ain't related, because there's usually two types of women that go. The host comes out and goes, all right ladies, make some noise if you're here for a bachelor at party. And there's a bunch of young 27-year-olds that are like, oh my god, penis is wet! And then the host goes, all right, now who here's celebrating a divorce? And it's just one table of women in their 40s, like, give me your dick. Oh my god. Thank you guys so much for coming out tonight, Dan Bow. We've been amazing. Thank you so much. Welcome back to PobMyCherry. Tell me what are the rules? Well, basically, shoot for the goal, throw in the middle, and spin, and you try to... Just spin it like as fast you can. I'm going... oh, I'm going, that way. You're going this way. Do you guys want to make a bet or something, like, try and make it more, like, high stakes? I'll buy you a drink of you, in sure, yeah? That's fair. Yeah, I'm 70, really close to that. See that thing, that's what she's doing. She's a bright, hate you. One, two, three, go. One, two, three, go. Go! I'm getting it! Come on, I'm not allowed to cuss you out. Cuss me out. Are you saying you're not allowed to? There's no rough here. Oh, you're... Thank you very much.